challenging problem researchers developers real-time dre systems effective adaptive resource management strategies end-to-end quality service qos requirements operational conditions . paper contributions research adaptive resource management dre systems . , structure functionality hybrid adaptive resourcemanagement middleware hyarm , adaptive resource management hybrid control techniques fluctuations resource availability . , adaptive behavior hyarm experiments dre multimedia system video real-time . results hyarm yields predictable , stable , high system performance , face workload resource availability . challenging problem researchers developers real-time dre systems effective adaptive resource management strategies end-to-end quality service qos requirements operational conditions . paper contributions research adaptive resource management dre systems . , structure functionality hybrid adaptive resourcemanagement middleware hyarm , adaptive resource management hybrid control techniques fluctuations resource availability . , adaptive behavior hyarm experiments dre multimedia system video real-time . results hyarm yields predictable , stable , high system performance , face workload resource availability ._C-41
kalman filter data assimilation methodology popular approach hydrocarbon reservoir simulations energy exploration . approach , ensemble geological models production data oil fields dynamic response oil wells . schlumberger eclipse software simulations . models ensemble , message-passing implementation good choice . model checks eclipse license , parallelizability reservoir simulations number licenses . ensemble kalman filter data assimilation methodology tigre grid environment . licenses resources collaborating institutions gridway metascheduler tigre environment , computational accuracy simulation runtime . paper , account efforts ensemble kalman filter data assimilation methodology . potential benefits approach , observations lessons . kalman filter data assimilation methodology popular approach hydrocarbon reservoir simulations energy exploration . approach , ensemble geological models production data oil fields dynamic response oil wells . schlumberger eclipse software simulations . models ensemble , message-passing implementation good choice . model checks eclipse license , parallelizability reservoir simulations number licenses . ensemble kalman filter data assimilation methodology tigre grid environment . licenses resources collaborating institutions gridway metascheduler tigre environment , computational accuracy simulation runtime . paper , account efforts ensemble kalman filter data assimilation methodology . potential benefits approach , observations lessons ._C-42
wireless sensor networks location-dependent applications . locations wireless sensor nodes , challenging task severe constraints cost , energy effective range sensor devices . limitations solutions , multi-sequence positioning msp method large-scale stationary sensor node localization outdoor environments . idea msp two-dimensional location information sensor node multiple one-dimensional node sequences , event distribution . basic msp design , optimizations , localization accuracy . interesting issues , incomplete partial node sequences sequence flip , mirage test-bed . msp system theoretical analysis , extensive simulation physical systems indoor version micaz motes outdoor version micaz motes . evaluation msp accuracy foot , additional costly hardware sensor nodes precise event distribution . nice tradeoff physical cost anchors soft cost events , localization accuracy . wireless sensor networks location-dependent applications . locations wireless sensor nodes , challenging task severe constraints cost , energy effective range sensor devices . limitations solutions , multi-sequence positioning msp method large-scale stationary sensor node localization outdoor environments . idea msp two-dimensional location information sensor node multiple one-dimensional node sequences , event distribution . basic msp design , optimizations , localization accuracy . interesting issues , incomplete partial node sequences sequence flip , mirage test-bed . msp system theoretical analysis , extensive simulation physical systems indoor version micaz motes outdoor version micaz motes . evaluation msp accuracy foot , additional costly hardware sensor nodes precise event distribution . nice tradeoff physical cost anchors soft cost events , localization accuracy ._C-44
problem localization wireless sensor networks nodes hardware , challenging problem , required location accuracy , energy expenditure duration localization phase . paper framework , stardust , wireless sensor network localization passive optical components . stardust framework , sensor nodes optical retro-reflectors . aerial device projects light sensor network , records image light . image processing algorithm locations sensor nodes . node id location constraint-based label relaxation algorithm . localization techniques types constraints : node color , neighbor information , deployment time node deployment location node . performance localization system framework network sensor nodes ft2 area . localization accuracy ft localization time milliseconds minutes . problem localization wireless sensor networks nodes hardware , challenging problem , required location accuracy , energy expenditure duration localization phase . paper framework , stardust , wireless sensor network localization passive optical components . stardust framework , sensor nodes optical retro-reflectors . aerial device projects light sensor network , records image light . image processing algorithm locations sensor nodes . node id location constraint-based label relaxation algorithm . localization techniques types constraints : node color , neighbor information , deployment time node deployment location node . performance localization system framework network sensor nodes ft2 area . localization accuracy ft localization time milliseconds minutes ._C-45
archival storage sensor data applications query , mine , data interesting features trends . storage systems flat hierarchies homogeneous sensor nodes multi-tier nature sensor networks , application tens tethered proxies , tens hundreds untethered sensors . present tsar , storage architecture separation data metadata local archiving sensors indexing proxies . proxy tier , tsar multi-resolution index structure , interval skip graph , spatio-temporal queries . sensor tier , tsar energy-aware summarization cost metadata proxies overhead false hits coarse-grain index . tsar two-tier sensor proxies mote-based sensors . experiments benefits feasibility energy-efficient storage architecture multi-tier sensor networks . archival storage sensor data applications query , mine , data interesting features trends . storage systems flat hierarchies homogeneous sensor nodes multi-tier nature sensor networks , application tens tethered proxies , tens hundreds untethered sensors . present tsar , storage architecture separation data metadata local archiving sensors indexing proxies . proxy tier , tsar multi-resolution index structure , interval skip graph , spatio-temporal queries . sensor tier , tsar energy-aware summarization cost metadata proxies overhead false hits coarse-grain index . tsar two-tier sensor proxies mote-based sensors . experiments benefits feasibility energy-efficient storage architecture multi-tier sensor networks ._C-46
sensor networks , data events attributes . attributes scalar values , natural events interest multidimensional range query . : list events temperature , light levels . queries events network . paper , design index multi-dimensional range queries . index multi-dimensional data dim geographic embedding classical index data structure , gpsr geographic routing algorithm . analysis , reasonable assumptions query distributions , scale network size insertion query costs scale . detailed simulations , practice , insertion query costs alternatives order magnitude costs dims , sized network . , experiments small scale validate feasibility dims . sensor networks , data events attributes . attributes scalar values , natural events interest multidimensional range query . : list events temperature , light levels . queries events network . paper , design index multi-dimensional range queries . index multi-dimensional data dim geographic embedding classical index data structure , gpsr geographic routing algorithm . analysis , reasonable assumptions query distributions , scale network size insertion query costs scale . detailed simulations , practice , insertion query costs alternatives order magnitude costs dims , sized network . , experiments small scale validate feasibility dims ._C-48
traditional mobile ad-hoc network manet routing protocols contemporaneous end-to-end communication paths data senders receivers . mobile ad-hoc networks sparse node population , end-to-end communication path time . routing protocols literature problem , realistic opportunistic network setting . simulation contact logs production network protocols : direct-delivery , epidemic , random , prophet , link-state , routing protocol . direct delivery epidemic routing protocols low delivery ratio high resource usage , protocols tradeoffs delivery ratio resource usage . traditional mobile ad-hoc network manet routing protocols contemporaneous end-to-end communication paths data senders receivers . mobile ad-hoc networks sparse node population , end-to-end communication path time . routing protocols literature problem , realistic opportunistic network setting . simulation contact logs production network protocols : direct-delivery , epidemic , random , prophet , link-state , routing protocol . direct delivery epidemic routing protocols low delivery ratio high resource usage , protocols tradeoffs delivery ratio resource usage ._C-49
paper design , implementation evaluation search rescue system cenwits . cenwits small , commonly-available rf-based sensors , small number storage processing devices . search rescue people emergency situations wilderness areas . key feature cenwits sensor network operation . network occasional connectivity . judicious combined storage capability sensors , important information , battery power sensors system operational longer time periods , intermittent network connectivity information processing center . prototype cenwits berkeley mica2 motes . paper implementation reports performance . paper design , implementation evaluation search rescue system cenwits . cenwits small , commonly-available rf-based sensors , small number storage processing devices . search rescue people emergency situations wilderness areas . key feature cenwits sensor network operation . network occasional connectivity . judicious combined storage capability sensors , important information , battery power sensors system operational longer time periods , intermittent network connectivity information processing center . prototype cenwits berkeley mica2 motes . paper implementation reports performance ._C-50
multi-player game dead-reckoning vectors movement information players , inaccuracy objects receiver due delay sender receiver . object receiver position dead-reckoning vector , time , real position sender . inaccuracy tolerable consistent players ; , physical time , players inaccurate respect real position object position trajectory object . due network delays sender receivers , inaccuracy players . unfairness game playing . paper , error measure inaccuracy . algorithm sending dead-reckoning vectors sender strives error equal receivers time . algorithm game fair expense error players . effect , budget improved fairness error accuracy game playing . scheduling algorithm budget part bzflag , popular multi-player game . experiments algorithms fairness players spite network delays . additional property algorithms number drs current implementation bzflag level accuracy game playing . multi-player game dead-reckoning vectors movement information players , inaccuracy objects receiver due delay sender receiver . object receiver position dead-reckoning vector , time , real position sender . inaccuracy tolerable consistent players ; , physical time , players inaccurate respect real position object position trajectory object . due network delays sender receivers , inaccuracy players . unfairness game playing . paper , error measure inaccuracy . algorithm sending dead-reckoning vectors sender strives error equal receivers time . algorithm game fair expense error players . effect , budget improved fairness error accuracy game playing . scheduling algorithm budget part bzflag , popular multi-player game . experiments algorithms fairness players spite network delays . additional property algorithms number drs current implementation bzflag level accuracy game playing ._C-52
dead-reckoning dr effective method consistency continuous multiplayer games cdmg . dr unnecessary state updates scalability system , commercial cdmg . , high consistency , application interactive games . global synchronization , dr higher consistency , inconsistency . paper , method dr local lag gs-dr-ll , local lag dr gs-dr , . performance evaluation gs-dr-ll inconsistency , effects increase lag . dead-reckoning dr effective method consistency continuous multiplayer games cdmg . dr unnecessary state updates scalability system , commercial cdmg . , high consistency , application interactive games . global synchronization , dr higher consistency , inconsistency . paper , method dr local lag gs-dr-ll , local lag dr gs-dr , . performance evaluation gs-dr-ll inconsistency , effects increase lag ._C-53
paper issue document retrieval . task , model training data ranking documents . goodness model performance measures map average precision ndcg cumulative gain . learning algorithm ranking model performance measures respect training data . methods , , ranking models loss functions performance measures . , svm rankboost train ranking models classification errors instance pairs . problem , algorithm framework , loss function performance measures . algorithm , adarank , weak rankers basis re-weighted training data weak rankers ranking predictions . training process adarank performance measure . experimental results benchmark datasets adarank baseline methods , svm , rankboost . paper issue document retrieval . task , model training data ranking documents . goodness model performance measures map average precision ndcg cumulative gain . learning algorithm ranking model performance measures respect training data . methods , , ranking models loss functions performance measures . , svm rankboost train ranking models classification errors instance pairs . problem , algorithm framework , loss function performance measures . algorithm , adarank , weak rankers basis re-weighted training data weak rankers ranking predictions . training process adarank performance measure . experimental results benchmark datasets adarank baseline methods , svm , rankboost ._H-35
spam key problem electronic communication , large-scale email systems number blogs . content-based filtering reliable method threat forms , academic researchers industrial practitioners spam . support vector machines svms content-based filtering , machine learning methodology state-of-the-art performance text classification . , similar performance gains online spam filtering . , practitioners high cost svms reason faster robust bayesian methods . paper , resolution controversy . , online svms state-of-the-art classification performance online spam large benchmark data sets . , equivalent performance relaxed online svm rosvm computational cost . results email spam , blog spam , splog detection tasks . spam key problem electronic communication , large-scale email systems number blogs . content-based filtering reliable method threat forms , academic researchers industrial practitioners spam . support vector machines svms content-based filtering , machine learning methodology state-of-the-art performance text classification . , similar performance gains online spam filtering . , practitioners high cost svms reason faster robust bayesian methods . paper , resolution controversy . , online svms state-of-the-art classification performance online spam large benchmark data sets . , equivalent performance relaxed online svm rosvm computational cost . results email spam , blog spam , splog detection tasks ._H-37
pagerank algorithm effective web pages , rank scores web pages . manipulation problem insight web structure , ranking algorithm diffusionrank . diffusionrank heat diffusion phenomena , web ranking activities flow web heat flow , link page pipe air-conditioner , heat flow structure underlying web graph . diffusionrank generalization pagerank heat diffusion coefficient  infinity . case  , diffusionrank pagerank low ability anti-manipulation .  , diffusionrank highest ability anti-manipulation , case , web structure . , interesting factor balance ability original web ability effect manipulation . ,  , diffusionrank penicillin-like effect link manipulation . , diffusionrank group-to-group relations web , web graph parts , link communities . experimental results diffusionrank algorithm advantages . pagerank algorithm effective web pages , rank scores web pages . manipulation problem insight web structure , ranking algorithm diffusionrank . diffusionrank heat diffusion phenomena , web ranking activities flow web heat flow , link page pipe air-conditioner , heat flow structure underlying web graph . diffusionrank generalization pagerank heat diffusion coefficient  infinity . case  , diffusionrank pagerank low ability anti-manipulation .  , diffusionrank highest ability anti-manipulation , case , web structure . , interesting factor balance ability original web ability effect manipulation . ,  , diffusionrank penicillin-like effect link manipulation . , diffusionrank group-to-group relations web , web graph parts , link communities . experimental results diffusionrank algorithm advantages ._H-38
query suggestion relevant queries query , users information . , terms language input . paper , cross-lingual query suggestion : query language , similar relevant queries languages . important scenarios cross-language information retrieval clir cross-lingual keyword bidding search engine advertisement . query translation technologies clqs , effective means map input query language queries language query log . important monolingual cross-lingual information word translation relations word co-occurrence statistics , . cross-lingual query similarity discriminative model . benchmarks clqs system baseline system dictionary-based query translation . , clqs french clir tasks trec collections . results higher effectiveness traditional query translation methods . query suggestion relevant queries query , users information . , terms language input . paper , cross-lingual query suggestion : query language , similar relevant queries languages . important scenarios cross-language information retrieval clir cross-lingual keyword bidding search engine advertisement . query translation technologies clqs , effective means map input query language queries language query log . important monolingual cross-lingual information word translation relations word co-occurrence statistics , . cross-lingual query similarity discriminative model . benchmarks clqs system baseline system dictionary-based query translation . , clqs french clir tasks trec collections . results higher effectiveness traditional query translation methods ._H-40
paper large-scale evaluation effectiveness hits comparison link-based ranking algorithms , combination state-ofthe-art text retrieval algorithm anchor text . effectiveness common performance measures : reciprocal rank , average precision , normalized cumulative gain measurements . evaluation large data sets : breadth-first search crawl web pages hyperlinks distinct urls ; set , queries query log , query average , results , judges . hits pagerank , effective web-page in-degree . true link-based features text retrieval algorithm . , relationship query specificity effectiveness features , link-based features general queries , bm25f performs specific queries . paper large-scale evaluation effectiveness hits comparison link-based ranking algorithms , combination state-ofthe-art text retrieval algorithm anchor text . effectiveness common performance measures : reciprocal rank , average precision , normalized cumulative gain measurements . evaluation large data sets : breadth-first search crawl web pages hyperlinks distinct urls ; set , queries query log , query average , results , judges . hits pagerank , effective web-page in-degree . true link-based features text retrieval algorithm . , relationship query specificity effectiveness features , link-based features general queries , bm25f performs specific queries ._H-41
method data trec similar information retrieval evaluation experiments . normalized versions average precision , weighted bipartite graph trec systems topics . meaning generalized indicators social network analysis systems-topics graph . method analysis trec data ; results , authority measures systems performance , hubness topics topics distinguishing effective systems , current measures system effective trec effective easy topics , effectiveness measures case . method data trec similar information retrieval evaluation experiments . normalized versions average precision , weighted bipartite graph trec systems topics . meaning generalized indicators social network analysis systems-topics graph . method analysis trec data ; results , authority measures systems performance , hubness topics topics distinguishing effective systems , current measures system effective trec effective easy topics , effectiveness measures case ._H-42
world wide web rich textual contents interconnected complex hyperlinks . huge database assumption conventional statistical methods web page independent identical sample . difficult traditional mining methods web mining problems , , web page classification , content link structure . research direction considerable attention early stage . methods link structure content information , authority information content information , link structure hub authority features , additional document features . attractive great simplicity , paper algorithm content linkage information , joint factorization linkage adjacency matrix document-term matrix , representation web pages low-dimensional factor space , content , hub authority factors . analysis compact representation web pages . experiments , method state-of-the-art methods excellent accuracy hypertext classification webkb cora benchmarks . world wide web rich textual contents interconnected complex hyperlinks . huge database assumption conventional statistical methods web page independent identical sample . difficult traditional mining methods web mining problems , , web page classification , content link structure . research direction considerable attention early stage . methods link structure content information , authority information content information , link structure hub authority features , additional document features . attractive great simplicity , paper algorithm content linkage information , joint factorization linkage adjacency matrix document-term matrix , representation web pages low-dimensional factor space , content , hub authority factors . analysis compact representation web pages . experiments , method state-of-the-art methods excellent accuracy hypertext classification webkb cora benchmarks ._H-43
text search document collections web archives attention research problem . consequence , scalable principled solution collection time . work , shortcoming efficient solution time-travel text search file index ready temporal search . approximate temporal coalescing tunable method index size quality results . order performance time-travel queries , techniques index size performance . techniques optimization problems near-optimality . , approach comprehensive series experiments large-scale real-world datasets . results methods efficient time machine scalable large text collections . text search document collections web archives attention research problem . consequence , scalable principled solution collection time . work , shortcoming efficient solution time-travel text search file index ready temporal search . approximate temporal coalescing tunable method index size quality results . order performance time-travel queries , techniques index size performance . techniques optimization problems near-optimality . , approach comprehensive series experiments large-scale real-world datasets . results methods efficient time machine scalable large text collections ._H-44
current prediction techniques , content-based queries homogenous test collections small sizes , challenges web search environments collections heterogeneous types retrieval tasks . paper , techniques challenges . performance prediction types queries web search environments : content-based named-page finding . evaluation gov2 collection . addition models types queries , challenging realistic situation types queries prior information query types . prediction mixed-query situation , query classifier . results prediction web query performance accurate current stateof-the-art prediction techniques . , paper practical approach performance prediction realworld web settings . current prediction techniques , content-based queries homogenous test collections small sizes , challenges web search environments collections heterogeneous types retrieval tasks . paper , techniques challenges . performance prediction types queries web search environments : content-based named-page finding . evaluation gov2 collection . addition models types queries , challenging realistic situation types queries prior information query types . prediction mixed-query situation , query classifier . results prediction web query performance accurate current stateof-the-art prediction techniques . , paper practical approach performance prediction realworld web settings ._H-45
expertise retrieval unexplored data w3c collection . time , intranets universities knowledge-intensive organisations examples small clean multilingual expertise data , broad ranges expertise areas . present main expertise retrieval tasks , set baseline approaches generative language modeling , expertise relations topics people . experimental evaluation , test set crawl university site . test set , series experiments . effectiveness baseline expertise retrieval methods test set . refined models characteristic features test set , organizational structure university , hierarchical structure topics test set . expertise retrieval models robust respect environments smaller w3c collection , current techniques generalizable settings . expertise retrieval unexplored data w3c collection . time , intranets universities knowledge-intensive organisations examples small clean multilingual expertise data , broad ranges expertise areas . present main expertise retrieval tasks , set baseline approaches generative language modeling , expertise relations topics people . experimental evaluation , test set crawl university site . test set , series experiments . effectiveness baseline expertise retrieval methods test set . refined models characteristic features test set , organizational structure university , hierarchical structure topics test set . expertise retrieval models robust respect environments smaller w3c collection , current techniques generalizable settings ._H-46
paper framework agent-based machine learning data mining exchange meta-level descriptions individual processes agents ii reasoning success progress agents . . paper framework agent-based machine learning data mining exchange meta-level descriptions individual processes agents ii reasoning success progress agents ._I-37
allocation multiagent coordination problems combinatorial auctions . , winner determination algorithms combinatorial auctions . pause auction efforts auctioneer work rid auctioneer . price combinatorial auction problem winner determination bidders incentive calculation . computational load bidders bidders true valuations . pause rules bidders . , bidders bids . couple bidding algorithms bidders pause auction . algorithms set bids bidder utility . problem np-hard , time exponential number items , exhaustive search . paper bidding algorithms , virtues drawbacks , solutions revenue-maximizing solution centralized winner determination algorithm . allocation multiagent coordination problems combinatorial auctions . , winner determination algorithms combinatorial auctions . pause auction efforts auctioneer work rid auctioneer . price combinatorial auction problem winner determination bidders incentive calculation . computational load bidders bidders true valuations . pause rules bidders . , bidders bids . couple bidding algorithms bidders pause auction . algorithms set bids bidder utility . problem np-hard , time exponential number items , exhaustive search . paper bidding algorithms , virtues drawbacks , solutions revenue-maximizing solution centralized winner determination algorithm ._I-38
constraint optimization dcop general framework complex problems multi-agent systems . current algorithms general dcop instances , , agents traditional pseudotree structure . extension dpop algorithm extended set pseudotree arrangements . algorithm dcop instances pseudotrees edges nodes separate branches . algorithm instances traditional pseudotree arrangements procedure dpop . algorithm dpop metrics induced width pseudotrees , maximum dimensionality messages computation , maximum sequential path cost algorithm . problem instances traditional pseudotree edge-traversal heuristics cross-edged pseudotree . multiple heuristics pseudotrees pseudotree linear space-time complexity . problem instances significant improvements message computation . constraint optimization dcop general framework complex problems multi-agent systems . current algorithms general dcop instances , , agents traditional pseudotree structure . extension dpop algorithm extended set pseudotree arrangements . algorithm dcop instances pseudotrees edges nodes separate branches . algorithm instances traditional pseudotree arrangements procedure dpop . algorithm dpop metrics induced width pseudotrees , maximum dimensionality messages computation , maximum sequential path cost algorithm . problem instances traditional pseudotree edge-traversal heuristics cross-edged pseudotree . multiple heuristics pseudotrees pseudotree linear space-time complexity . problem instances significant improvements message computation ._I-42
paper dynamics control dbc , approach planning control agent stochastic environments . approaches , rewards , observable markov decision problems , dbc optimizes system behavior system dynamics . planning control approach , markov emt instantiation dbc . emt greedy action selection efficient control algorithm markovian environments . efficiency set experiments emt class area-sweeping problems targets . problems dbc framework , emt instantiation . paper dynamics control dbc , approach planning control agent stochastic environments . approaches , rewards , observable markov decision problems , dbc optimizes system behavior system dynamics . planning control approach , markov emt instantiation dbc . emt greedy action selection efficient control algorithm markovian environments . efficiency set experiments emt class area-sweeping problems targets . problems dbc framework , emt instantiation ._I-43
agent interaction vital role mas , messagecentric approaches agent interaction drawbacks , present agent-oriented programming languages support agent interaction flexible robust . , messages primitive building block . paper approach modelling agent interactions : commitment machines framework . framework modelling interactions higher level social commitments , flexible interactions . commitmentbased interactions conventional agent-oriented programming languages . contributions paper : mapping commitment machine collection bdi-style plans ; extensions semantics bdi programming languages ; examination issues commitment machines management race conditions solutions problems . agent interaction vital role mas , messagecentric approaches agent interaction drawbacks , present agent-oriented programming languages support agent interaction flexible robust . , messages primitive building block . paper approach modelling agent interactions : commitment machines framework . framework modelling interactions higher level social commitments , flexible interactions . commitmentbased interactions conventional agent-oriented programming languages . contributions paper : mapping commitment machine collection bdi-style plans ; extensions semantics bdi programming languages ; examination issues commitment machines management race conditions solutions problems ._I-45
class representations modeling model temporal , strategic epistemic properties agents teams . representations main ideas systems halpern , fagin al . ; , modular compact concurrent programs . preliminary results model alternating-time temporal logic natural class models . class representations modeling model temporal , strategic epistemic properties agents teams . representations main ideas systems halpern , fagin al . ; , modular compact concurrent programs . preliminary results model alternating-time temporal logic natural class models ._I-46
social stance institutional frameworks multi-agent system methodologies wide spectrum organizational communicative . social stance institutional frameworks multi-agent system methodologies wide spectrum organizational communicative_I-47
model normative systems agents multiple goals priority , computational complexity game theoretic properties model . underlying model normative systems , kripke structures transitions multiagent system . normative system subset kripke structure , arcs normative system . agent goals hierarchy formulae computation tree logic ctl , logic properties kripke structures : intuition goals hierarchy agent hierarchy . scheme , model ordinal utility , turn kripke-based normative systems games , agents normative system . computational complexity number decision problems kripke-based normative system games ; , complexity normative system property nash implementation np-complete . model normative systems agents multiple goals priority , computational complexity game theoretic properties model . underlying model normative systems , kripke structures transitions multiagent system . normative system subset kripke structure , arcs normative system . agent goals hierarchy formulae computation tree logic ctl , logic properties kripke structures : intuition goals hierarchy agent hierarchy . scheme , model ordinal utility , turn kripke-based normative systems games , agents normative system . computational complexity number decision problems kripke-based normative system games ; , complexity normative system property nash implementation np-complete ._I-48
paper , protocol multilateral multi-issue negotiation cooperative context . complex dependencies multiple issues preferences agents multi-criteria decision aid tool , relevant information proposal assessment . information protocol search consensus cooperative agents . addition , negotiation procedure crisis management context common objective agents preferences mediator agent . paper , protocol multilateral multi-issue negotiation cooperative context . complex dependencies multiple issues preferences agents multi-criteria decision aid tool , relevant information proposal assessment . information protocol search consensus cooperative agents . addition , negotiation procedure crisis management context common objective agents preferences mediator agent ._I-49
logics knowledge belief static inflexible real-world problems . , concept events . problem ctlk computation tree logic knowledge notion plausibility , practical counterfactual reasoning . logic ctlkp ctlk plausibility notion belief . plausibility update operator logic order plausibility assumptions . , important properties concepts . , , natural class models , belief modality . model ptime-complete time linear respect size models formulae . logics knowledge belief static inflexible real-world problems . , concept events . problem ctlk computation tree logic knowledge notion plausibility , practical counterfactual reasoning . logic ctlkp ctlk plausibility notion belief . plausibility update operator logic order plausibility assumptions . , important properties concepts . , , natural class models , belief modality . model ptime-complete time linear respect size models formulae ._I-50
space two-sided multiattribute auctions , relationship constraints offers traders bids , computational problem optimal set trades . formal semantic framework expressible offers , conditions allocation problem optimal pairwise trades optimizing combinations trades . bilateral matching problem consideration relevant results multiattribute utility theory . network flow models global allocations classification problem space computational complexity , guidance solution algorithms . experimental trials tractable problem classes proposed solution techniques . space two-sided multiattribute auctions , relationship constraints offers traders bids , computational problem optimal set trades . formal semantic framework expressible offers , conditions allocation problem optimal pairwise trades optimizing combinations trades . bilateral matching problem consideration relevant results multiattribute utility theory . network flow models global allocations classification problem space computational complexity , guidance solution algorithms . experimental trials tractable problem classes proposed solution techniques ._J-33
stability properties dynamics standard continuous limit-order mechanism modern equity markets . mechanisms susceptible effects infliction large common measures market activity small perturbations order sequence . answer market absolute traders prices independent current order book state relative traders prices relative current bid . absolute trader model strong stability properties , relative trader model vulnerable great instability . theoretical results large-scale experiments limit order data inet , large electronic exchange nasdaq stocks . stability properties dynamics standard continuous limit-order mechanism modern equity markets . mechanisms susceptible effects infliction large common measures market activity small perturbations order sequence . answer market absolute traders prices independent current order book state relative traders prices relative current bid . absolute trader model strong stability properties , relative trader model vulnerable great instability . theoretical results large-scale experiments limit order data inet , large electronic exchange nasdaq stocks ._J-34
model service p2p network . scrip system , mechanism reasonable nash equilibrium free riding . effect total amount money scrip system efficiency , social welfare , ratio total amount money number agents , efficiency . work implications online systems , p2p networks wide variety online forums scrip systems popular , formal analyses . model service p2p network . scrip system , mechanism reasonable nash equilibrium free riding . effect total amount money scrip system efficiency , social welfare , ratio total amount money number agents , efficiency . work implications online systems , p2p networks wide variety online forums scrip systems popular , formal analyses ._J-35
traditional game theory , players knowledge structure game-either full omniscient knowledge partial information . real life , , people unaware utility action research consequences . paper , model phenomenon . player questionand-answer session , questions preferences state reality ; setting socratic game theory . socratic game , players priori probability distribution worlds , utility function world . players queries , cost , partial information worlds actual world , action . query models : unobservable-query model , players response queries , observable-query model , players opponents . results paper cases worlds two-player socratic game constant-sum games zero-sum games , class generalizes constant-sum games games sum payoffs interaction players . underlying worlds constant sum , polynomial-time algorithms nash equilibria observable unobservable-query models . worlds sum , efficient algorithms nash equilibria unobservablequery socratic games correlated equilibria observablequery socratic games . traditional game theory , players knowledge structure game-either full omniscient knowledge partial information . real life , , people unaware utility action research consequences . paper , model phenomenon . player questionand-answer session , questions preferences state reality ; setting socratic game theory . socratic game , players priori probability distribution worlds , utility function world . players queries , cost , partial information worlds actual world , action . query models : unobservable-query model , players response queries , observable-query model , players opponents . results paper cases worlds two-player socratic game constant-sum games zero-sum games , class generalizes constant-sum games games sum payoffs interaction players . underlying worlds constant sum , polynomial-time algorithms nash equilibria observable unobservable-query models . worlds sum , efficient algorithms nash equilibria unobservablequery socratic games correlated equilibria observablequery socratic games ._J-36
equilibrium extensive form game imperfect information fundamental problem computational game theory , current techniques large games . , game isomorphism game isomorphic . equilibrium extensive form game imperfect information fundamental problem computational game theory , current techniques large games . , game isomorphism game isomorphic_J-37
coalitional games cooperation agents attributes agents , assumption attributes . framework diverse economic interactions attributes . computational complexity coalitional solution concepts gamesthe shapley core . positive results paper comparable results games literature . coalitional games cooperation agents attributes agents , assumption attributes . framework diverse economic interactions attributes . computational complexity coalitional solution concepts gamesthe shapley core . positive results paper comparable results games literature ._J-38
bidders ebay dominant bidding strategy multiple auctions item interest . analysis , auctions ebay dell e193fp lcd monitor , bidders auctions prices higher auctions , auction bids efforts greater closing prices auctions . misqueues strategic behavior efficiency system , limit revenue potential sellers . paper options-based extension proxy-bidding system strategic issue buyers commoditized markets . empirical analysis ebay basis computer simulations market effects options-based scheme , options-based scheme greater efficiency ebay , seller revenue . bidders ebay dominant bidding strategy multiple auctions item interest . analysis , auctions ebay dell e193fp lcd monitor , bidders auctions prices higher auctions , auction bids efforts greater closing prices auctions . misqueues strategic behavior efficiency system , limit revenue potential sellers . paper options-based extension proxy-bidding system strategic issue buyers commoditized markets . empirical analysis ebay basis computer simulations market effects options-based scheme , options-based scheme greater efficiency ebay , seller revenue ._J-39
natural extension classical evolutionary game theory setting pairwise interactions edges undirected graph network . definition evolutionary stable strategy ess , pair complementary results power randomization setting : subject degree edge density conditions , classical ess game graph mutation set , graph mutation set . natural strengthenings generalized ess definition , strong results . natural extension classical evolutionary game theory setting pairwise interactions edges undirected graph network . definition evolutionary stable strategy ess , pair complementary results power randomization setting : subject degree edge density conditions , classical ess game graph mutation set , graph mutation set . natural strengthenings generalized ess definition , strong results ._J-40
billions dollars year search , form advertising merchants placement web search results . slots ad listings auction-style mechanism higher merchant bids , ad ads page . paper incentive , efficiency , revenue properties slot auction designs : rank bid rbb rank revenue rbr , versions mechanisms yahoo ! google , . second-price payment rules allocation rules , . short-run incomplete information setting long-run complete information setting . incomplete information , rbb rbr truthful pricing . informational requirements rbb weaker rbr , rbr efficient rbb . revenue ranking rbb rbr arbitrary distribution bidder values relevance . complete information , equilibrium pricing rbb rbr . multitude equilibria pricing , divergence economic equilibria merchants . billions dollars year search , form advertising merchants placement web search results . slots ad listings auction-style mechanism higher merchant bids , ad ads page . paper incentive , efficiency , revenue properties slot auction designs : rank bid rbb rank revenue rbr , versions mechanisms yahoo ! google , . second-price payment rules allocation rules , . short-run incomplete information setting long-run complete information setting . incomplete information , rbb rbr truthful pricing . informational requirements rbb weaker rbr , rbr efficient rbb . revenue ranking rbb rbr arbitrary distribution bidder values relevance . complete information , equilibrium pricing rbb rbr . multitude equilibria pricing , divergence economic equilibria merchants ._J-41
analysis person-to-person recommendation network , people recommendations products . propagation recommendations cascade sizes , simple stochastic model . recommendation network time effective viewpoint sender receiver recommendations . average recommendations effective purchases , model product pricing categories viral marketing effective . analysis person-to-person recommendation network , people recommendations products . propagation recommendations cascade sizes , simple stochastic model . recommendation network time effective viewpoint sender receiver recommendations . average recommendations effective purchases , model product pricing categories viral marketing effective ._J-42
