adaptive multiresolution approach solution hyperbolic pdes . paper innovative efficient multiresolution approach high-resolution methods , numerical solution single system partial differential equations . methodology hyperbolic equations grid higher spatial resolution domain regions strong gradients , properties numerical approach : stability accuracy . numerical results test problems robustness cost effectiveness method_1461
non-linear analysis porous media : theoretical numerical . formulation formulation porous medium compressible fluid large elastic plastic deformations . consistent thermodynamic formulation two-phase mixture problem ; straightforward robust numerical scheme . feature specification fluid compressibility terms volumetric logarithmic strain , energy fluid pressure entropy inequality . result , entropy inequality mechanisms response : effective stress response terzaghi solid skeleton , fluid pressure response compressibility fluid , dissipative darcy flow interaction phases . paper couple numerical examples predictive capabilities formulation . , results linear theory non-linear theory_1462
computational complexity probabilistic disambiguation . recent models natural language processing employ statistical reasoning ambiguity formal grammars . approach , statistics , linguistic phenomena interest , actual linguistic data probabilities entities grammar , , derivations , parse-trees sentences . extension grammars probabilities state ambiguity resolution constrained optimization formula , probability entity grammar input , maximum probability parse-tree input sentence . implementation optimization formulae efficient algorithms , , . paper , computational complexity ambiguity resolution kinds probabilistic models . proofs , problems ambiguity resolution np-complete . problems applications , , language understanding textand speech-based applications . common model computation , result , existing probabilistic models tractable algorithms optimization problems_1463
lr parsing conjunctive grammars . generalized lr parsing algorithm context-free grammars , tomita , polynomial-time implementation nondeterministic lr parsing graph-structured stack contents nondeterministic parsers branches computation single computation step . solution practical parsing tasks computational linguistics , suitable natural language processing . conjunctive grammars context-free grammars explicit intersection operation grammar rules . paper lr-style parsing algorithm grammars , idea graph-structured pushdown , simultaneous existence paths graph intersection operation . finite automata general : algorithms correctness automata , paper wide class automata usable grammar , traditional lr automata , , instance , trivial automaton single reachable state . modification slr table construction method specific properties conjunctive grammars finite automata algorithm_1464
systems symport antiport rules : traces objects . study systems computation communication objects , , systems symport antiport rules . number objects membrane , result computation itineraries object membranes , halting computation , coding string labels membranes . family languages respect place chomsky hierarchy . symport antiport rules conditional manner , objects present membrane rule , characterization enumerable languages ; power systems rules_1465
feldkamp-type image reconstruction equiangular data . cone-beam approach image reconstruction attention applications , medical imaging . , traditional practical cone-beam reconstruction method , feldkamp algorithm , case spiral helical scanning loci equispatial cone-beam projection data . paper , generalized feldkamp algorithm case equiangular cone-beam projection data , numerical simulation image quality . medical multi-slice cone-beam ct scanners equiangular projection data , formula area framework refinement benchmark comparison_1466
web-based case studies cutting-edge information services issues . article pilot study academic libraries 21st century project team benefits case study method training framework change initiatives traditional face-to-face format virtual format . methods training framework , benefits , challenges , recommendations future strategies participant feedback . results survey session registrants sections : evaluation training framework ; evaluation participants experiences virtual environment ; comparison participants preference format . participant feedback utilization case study method virtual environment professional development collaborative problem positive_1467
web-enhanced learning information fluency-a liberal arts . colleges perspective learning form twenty-first century , transformation process . framework information fluency , efforts rollins college web-enhanced information literacy , basic computer literacy , critical thinking skills . computer-based education successful librarians technology integrated library teaching . online learning environment , students time suits motivational levels . pace , nonlinear approach subject , constant communication instructors students . quality technology-facilitated educational objectives methods objectives_1468
necessity real-time-fact fiction digital reference systems . current discussions trends digital reference real-time digital reference services . recent articles utility asynchronous services e-mail . article data askeric digital reference service asynchronous services , greater utility real-time systems_1469
linux law . popularity linux , cost savings , developers real-time linux variant alternative traditional rtos . paper legal implications proprietary parts firmware_147
reference works edition guide reference . books author history guide reference books grb importance librarianship . ways edition advantage times . grb cornerstone literature . . librarianship . biggest change grb grs guide reference sources web product_1470
e-commerce-resources business internet . types e-commerce . addition , e-commerce exchange funds goods services , entire infrastructure services , computer hardware software products , technologies , communications formats . paper discusses e-commerce terminology , types information resources , books web sites_1471
surface textures robustness stereoscopic depth cues . research design recommendations surface textures patterns color object surfaces stereoscopic displays . method-of-adjustment procedure experiments , participants disparity circular probe planar stimulus single visible edge . experiments stimulus orientation surface texture . participants depth vertical stimuli horizontal stimuli , consistent previous studies theory . participants depth surfaces large pixel-to-pixel luminance variations surfaces small pixel-to-pixel luminance variation . , depth surfaces vertical line patterns surfaces horizontal-striped texture patterns . results designers depth perception stereoscopic displays , undesirable sensitivity orientation , objects surface textures large pixel-to-pixel luminance variations_1472
control performance translational degrees freedom . multiple degree-of-freedom systems , important operators dof influence perceptual , information processing , psychomotor components performance . right-handed male students experiments : positioning tracking translational dofs . separate perceptual psychomotor effects , control-display mappings coupling vertical depth dimensions up-down fore-aft control axes . information processing effects positioning task : initial error correction vertical dimension time horizontal dimension . depth dimension error correction , poorer perceptual information . perceptual effect tracking experiment . motor effects present , errors up-down axis hand controller times larger fore-aft axis . results components performance . actual applications research interface design_1473
contrast sensitivity dynamic environment : effects target conditions . visual impairment contrast sensitivity function target velocity degrees degrees variety viewing conditions . experiment , measurements dynamic contrast sensitivity observers function target velocity letter stimuli . significant main effects target velocity , target size , target duration , significant interactions variables pronounced adverse effects target velocity small targets durations . experiment , effects cataracts . impairment effect traditional acuity scores , dynamic contrast sensitivity . results terms dynamic contrast sensitivity composite measure visual functioning picture individuals visual functioning traditional static acuity , dynamic acuity , contrast sensitivity . measure dynamic contrast sensitivity understanding practical effects conditions , disease , visual system , prediction individuals performance dynamic situations_1474
relation glare performance . present study effects discomfort glare behavior . participants young ; europeans simulated low beam light source hood instrumented vehicle . participants night actual traffic track urban , rural , highway stretches . results low glare source significant drop pedestrians roadside participants slower dark roads . older participants largest drop pedestrian detection performance speed . results de boer rating scale , rating scale discomfort glare , useless predictor performance . , maximum headlamp intensity cd headlamp acceptable upper limit_1475
utility human automated aids visual detection task . increases automation society , research human operators disuse misuse aids parasuraman-riley . cameron university students experiments effects utility dzindolet al . automation visual detection task reliance automated aids reliance humans . results bias human operators . self-report data bias automated aids human aids , performance data participants aids human aids . discrepancy human operators perfect automation schema . actual potential applications research design future automated decision aids training procedures operators aids_1476
ecological interface design : progress challenges . ecological interface design theoretical framework human-computer interfaces complex socio-technical systems . primary aim knowledge workers adapting novelty . literature review situations problem , eid performance current design approaches industry . eid industry-scale problems broad variety application domains , process control , aviation , computer network management , software engineering , medicine , command control , information retrieval identification information requirements . experimental evaluation eid full-fidelity simulator professional workers , . significant challenges obstacles confident eid industry . paths outstanding issues . actual potential applications research safety productivity complex socio-technical systems_1477
effects work pace within-participant between-participant keying . force , electromyography , fatigue laboratory study effects work pace typing force , electromyographic emg activity , subjective discomfort . participants , typing force finger flexor extensor emg activity . increase subjective discomfort , sharp threshold participants self-selected pace maximum typing speed . results participants typing pace maximizes speed minimizes discomfort . fastest typists finger flexor emg activity proportionately finger extensor emg activity slower typists . fast typists muscle recruitment patterns efficient slower typists keys . addition , typists discomfort slow typists . findings relative pace typing important actual typing speed regard discomfort muscle activity . results typists skill training maximum typing speed . potential applications research skill training typists_1478
automated diagnostic aids : study users concurrence . strategies diagnostic aids reliable unwarranted levels disuse operators . present study , users tendencies automated diagnostic aids conditions : aids reliable aided-diagnosis accurate unaided diagnosis ; system opaque , users additional information diagnosis . results users strategy aids , number correct diagnoses trials . users , , probability-matching strategy agreement disagreement rates rate correct incorrect diagnoses aids . probability-matching strategy , , diagnostic accuracy scores lower . users maximization strategy higher self-ratings problem-solving decision-making skills , accurate aid reliabilities , confident diagnosis trials aids . potential applications findings design interface training solutions adoption effective concurrence strategies users automated diagnostic aids_1479
axioms branching time . logics general branching time , historical necessity , important axiomatization questions open . difficulties axioms logics ideas main open problems . , expressive logical account peirces prohibition truth values contingent future_148
formal verification human-automation interaction . paper formal rigorous approach analysis operator interaction machines . acute problem design errors human-machine interaction correctness interaction complex automated control systems . paper systematic methodology interface information machine operator task . adequacy information user training materials , user manual machines behavior . essentials methodology , verification large systems , examples case study pilot interaction autopilot modern commercial aircraft . application methodology augmentation enhancement , formal verification , human-automation interfaces_1480
impact aviation highway-in-the-sky displays pilot situation awareness . pilots men , women flight simulator ability pathway highway-in-the-sky hits display . pathway , pilots traffic cockpit . , pilots awareness speed , altitude , flight . results presence flight guidance cue flight path awareness pathway , significant practice effects guidance cue unnecessary pilots proper training . amount time cockpit hits display conventional aircraft instruments . , awareness flight information present hits display poor . actual potential applications research guidance development perspective flight display standards basis flight training requirements_1481
parareal time procedure control partial differential equations . previous note time discretization partial differential evolution equation parallel implementations . scheme preconditioning procedure algebraic setting time discretization . parallel methodology problem optimal control partial differential equations . numerical implementation large interest_1482
hypothesis-based concept assignment software maintenance . software maintenance accounts significant proportion lifetime cost software system . software comprehension parts maintenance process expensive activities . tools maintainer time cost task , numerous tools methods group attention : plausible reasoning concept assignment problem . concept assignment method cobol ii : hypothesis-based concept assignment hb-ca . implementation prototype tool , results comprehensive evaluation commercial cobol ii sources . , areas standard maintenance process methods , potential cost savings_1483
portfolio optimization random magnet problem . diversification investment assets risk . reality , movements assets correlated knowledge cross-correlations asset price movements great importance . results possibility problem investment stocks funds minimum level risk analogous problem magnetization random magnet . interactions random magnet problem cross-correlation matrix stock returns . random matrix theory estimate standard estimate terms investment minimum level risk_1484
telemedicine management cervical dislocation mobile . neurosurgeon neurosurgical teams , specialist centres , teleradiology decision transfer patient nearest neurosurgical department . decision type pathology , clinical status patient prognosis . transfer patient , unstable clinical status , mobile neurosurgical team . case remote french military airborne surgical unit , republic chad . unit , health-care french military personnel , free medical care local population . operations month . unit surgeons orthopaedic general surgeon , anaesthetist , anaesthetic nurses , operating room nurse , nurses , paramedics secretary . civilian patient unstable cervical trauma . mobile neurosurgeon , telemedicine , surgery_1485
hand-held digital video-camera eye examination follow-up . hand-held digital colour video-camera eye examination primary care . device . charge-coupled device ccd corrective optics . colour video digital images . video-camera pc software database storage , image processing telecommunication . normal subjects male , female , aged - years . mydriatic eye pupillary dilation . satisfactory digital images face anterior eye . optic disc central part ocular fundus . image quality face anterior eye excellent ; image quality optic disc macula good tele-ophthalmology . studies usefulness equipment clinical conditions_1486
assessment prehospital chest pain telecardiology . general practitioners portable electrocardiograph -lead electrocardiogram ecg telephone line . cardiologist day interactive teleconsultation . month period calls telecardiology service subjects chest pain . telecardiology service general practitioners cases ; diagnostic tests patients patients hospital emergency department . group cardiological diagnosis patients . patients telecardiology service cardiac problem subsequent . telecardiology service sensitivity , specificity diagnostic accuracy chest pain . telemedicine tool diagnosis chest pain primary care_1487
social presence telemedicine . consultations doctor , emergency nurse practitioners patients minor accident treatment service mats . conventional consultations , people main hospital . teleconsultations , doctor hospital km mats videoconferencing link kbit . patients conventional group telemedical group . problems similar groups . duration teleconsultations duration face-to-face consultations . doctor-nurse communication higher rate turn teleconsultations face-to-face consultations ; interruptions , words backchannels mhm , teleconsultation . doctor-patient communication higher rate turn , words , interruptions backchannels teleconsultation . patient-nurse communication . difference modes doctor . telemedicine patient questions doctor . doctor greater care teleconsultation coordination beliefs patient face-to-face consultation_1488
eight-year study internet-based remote medical counselling . prospective study internet-based remote counselling service . total , internet users web site years . , users analysis . medical counselling people . physicians project groups requests email . distribution patients service similar availability internet : european union , australia . cent patients urban areas remainder residents remote rural areas limited local medical coverage . cent requests problems internal medicine requests concerned surgical issues . patients information recent developments , molecular medicine aviation medicine . project , portal inaccessible times , counselling days . hacking web site . internet-based medical counselling helpful addition conventional practice_1489
kamps time granularity . paper , generalization kamps relative functional completeness operator . generalization functional completeness expressive temporal operators respect extension first-order theory linear orders extra binary relational symbol . result search modal language capable properties operators suitable time granularity omega layered temporal structures_149
client satisfaction feasibility study comparing face-to-face interviews . telepsychiatry pilot study satisfaction levels psychiatric patients face ftf videoconference . patients groups . group services person ftf psychiatrist videoconferencing kbit . psychiatrist ftf videoconferencing assessment follow-up visits . total subjects . subjects appointments subjects group follow-up . ftf group videoconferencing group . groups similar respects . patient satisfaction services client satisfaction questionnaire csq- , completed consultation . scores group group . service , . patient satisfaction . , ftf care makers telepsychiatry_1490
evaluation videoconferenced grand rounds . aspects grand rounds tertiary care hospital regional hospital scotia . five-month study period , rounds medicine cardiology . total attendance remote site , specialists , family physicians health-care professionals . evaluations , response rate . five-point likert scale higher scores quality , ratings remote-site participants technical quality videoconference - , lowest ratings ability discussion visual aids . ratings content , presentation , discussion educational higher . physicians rounds , evaluations , response rate . presenters aspects videoconference interaction remote sites lower . lowest ratings ability remote sites usefulness discussion . evaluations participants site , response rate . results adverse opinions effect videoconferencing scores - . costs grand round site sites , . study videoconferenced rounds satisfactory continuing medical education community specialists , important consideration maintenance certification mandatory_1491
systematic review efficacy telemedicine diagnostic . management decisions systematic review literature efficacy telemedicine diagnostic management decisions classes application : office hospital-based , store-and-forward , home-based telemedicine . medline , embase , cinahl healthstar databases resources , investigators field . studies service face-to-face encounters radiology pathology diagnosis . total articles inclusion criteria . articles quality direction evidence . high-quality studies . strongest evidence efficacy telemedicine diagnostic management decisions specialties psychiatry dermatology . reasonable evidence general medical history physical examinations telemedicine good sensitivity specificity . specialties evidence efficacy cardiology areas ophthalmology . widespread telemedicine major medical specialties , strong evidence diagnostic management decisions telemedicine comparable face-to-face care_1492
research telehealth applications speech-language pathology . literature review extent telehealth domain speech-language pathology outcomes research . total studies . early studies telehealth feasible , discussion cost-effectiveness process terms patient outcomes . majority subsequent studies positive encouraging outcomes telehealth . , number shortcomings research , lack cost-benefit information , failure technology , absence studies educational informational aspects telehealth relation speech-language pathology , telehealth limited range communication disorders . future research application telehealth speech-language pathology services scientific approach , development evaluation framework effectiveness technique , patient outcomes satisfaction , cost-benefit relationship_1493
pc makers ? . pc makers . pc purchase , things_1494
laptops ghz-plus . intels pentium -m processor coveted -ghz mark , speed-hungry mobile users laptop chip . , exclusive tests -ghz p4-m notebooks fastest units , models dramatic gains intels -ghz mobile chip . -ghz notebooks hefty price premium , buyers good performance good price -ghz unit_1495
web ad explosion . dollars big names , online marketers aggressive tactics_1496
research challenges perspectives semantic web . documents services todays web human intelligence . interface documents services web page , natural language , humans . paper semantic web current web formalized knowledge data computers . future , services human-readable data humans computers . knowledge machines_1497
john mccarthy : father . john mccarthy , father , coin phrase artificial intelligence today , computational intelligence . mccarthy father , inventor lisp list language . author mccarthys conception lisp discusses mccarthys recent research elaboration tolerance , creativity machines , free machines , improved ways situation calculus_1498
digital-driving system smart vehicles . wake computer information technology revolutions , vehicles dramatic capabilities drivers . vehicles warnings human driver control vehicle , decisions real time incomplete information . , human drivers control vehicle . sketch digital driving behavior model . driver behavior maneuvers lane , lane , traffic avoidance , researchers beijing institute technologys digital-driving project correlations causal relations smart vehicle , iviss , intelligent road-traffic-information network , driver . digital-driving system direction human-centered smart vehicles_1499
optimal safe ship control multi-step matrix game . paper process safe ship control collision situation differential game model participants . approximated model manoeuvring process , model multi-step matrix game . risktraj computer program matlab language order ships trajectory sequence manoeuvres speed , online navigator decision support system . considerations examples computer simulation safe ships trajectories real situation sea objects_15
model games branching time logics . paper defines examines model games branching time temporal logic ctl . games technique focus sets distinguished element . ambiguities regeneration temporal operators . correctness games , optimizations model games important fragments ctl . game model algorithm upper complexity_150
daml oil : ontology language semantic web . measures , web enormous staggering rate , difficult-and important-for people programs quick accurate access web information services . semantic web solution , meaning terms web platform information , platform understanding reasoning information . semantic web development , defense research projects agency darpa agent markup language daml initiative fund research languages , tools , infrastructure , applications web content accessible understandable . government funds daml , organizations-including european businesses universities , international consortia world wide web consortium-have issues damls development deployment . damls current markup language , daml oil , point w3cs semantic web activitys web language owl . daml oil syntax usage set examples , wine knowledge base novices ontologies_1500
computational challenges cell simulation : software engineering approach . molecular biologys advent 20th century knowledge workings life . dozens genomes array high-throughput methods gene encodings gene product operation . question pieces . words , sufficient information cells molecular components , behavior ? major classes cellular processes relevant , software engineerings role cell simulation , cell simulation requirements . e-cell project theories , techniques , software platforms whole-cell-scale modeling , simulation , analysis . projects launch , variety cell models , models respect species , target subsystem , scale_1501
open answers questionnaire data . surveys important tools marketing customer relationships ; answers open-ended questions , , valuable information important basis business decisions . summaries human analysts open answers , , intuition arent reliable . , web easy surveys comments , companies data questionnaires sources . cumbersome costly . , computer system information open answers important issue . survey analysis system principles . system mines open answers statistical techniques : rule learning rule analysis correspondence analysis_1502
neural networks web content filtering . proliferation harmful internet content pornography , violence , messages , effective content-filtering systems essential . web-filtering systems , potential users trial versions internet . , techniques systems accurate ever-changing web . problem , artificial neural networks web pages content filtering . pornography prolific harmful web content . , general framework adaptable objectionable web material_1503
human-centered information systems . computer systems engineering technology principles difficult . fields human-computer interaction , interface design , human factors significant contributions interfaces systems users , structures fundamental human-centered systems . paradigm human-centered computing hcc forms-offers system design . hcc artificial agent human agent . dynamic interactions system human artificial context system situated-are indispensable factors . methodology prototype human-centered intelligent flight-surgeon console nasa johnson space center , article methodology human-centered computing systems electronic medical records systems_1504
modeling simulating practices , work method work systems design . work systems people activities time-not , machines , tools , documents , artifacts . activities goods , services , or-as case work system article-scientific data . work systems work practice time . integration technology , distribution collocation people , organizational roles procedures , facilities work evolution_1505
intelligent control life support space missions . future manned space operations greater automation . , semiautonomous robots software agents difficult tasks unattended time . agents prevalent , human contact routine , agents principles human-centered computing important . cases semiautonomous control software test environments nasa johnson space center . software jsc humans months time_1506
ethnography , customers , interactions airport . late 1990s , airline schedules massive delays inclement weather , overbooked flights , airline operational difficulties . schedules , delayed departures late arrivals systemwide breakdowns , customers connections , airline work activities sync . answers , customer participant , human-centered computing model . study ethnographic methods airline system domain nature airline delays , deficiencies airline production system model operations . research insights production marketing system perspective customer-as-participant view obvious readers . , airline operations technologies model production marketing system view . human-centered analysis ethnographic methods information , insight airline delays effective ways operations reliability_1507
rats , robots , rescue . , media inquiries office center robot-assisted search rescue www . crasar . org . im crasars director , press recent humanitarian award centers founder , john blitch , small , backpackable robots world trade center disaster . , roborats study nature . study , rats medial force brain underwent operant conditioning form behavior , aspect search rescue . articles comment rat mobile robot biological sensor . roboticist training , im technology lives risk rescuers . rats ?_1508
mathematical modelling work system wells layer . exponential law permeability variation mobile liquid interface two-dimensional model work system wells layer mobile boundary liquids viscosity . plunger displacement model liquids . boundaries filtration region liquids curves lyapunov class . familiar work , two-dimensonal problems inhomogeneous layer mobile boundary boundaries filtration region curves lyapunov class . practical convergence numerical solution problems_1509
ctl actions real time . paper , logic atctl , model checking models lightweight version unified modelling language uml . , formal semantics luml models . papers goal specification language properties luml ; luml states , actions real time . atctl ctl concurrent actions real time . earlier extensions ctl . nicola . vaandrager actl . alur al . easier model checkers . properties atctl models luml , small kronos model checker_151
estimation gradient solution adjoint diffusion equation . monte carlo method case isotropic diffusion representation weighted concentration trajectories space derivatives form integrals weights solution boundary problem directional derivative convective velocity . convective velocity domain boundary degenerate additional conditions representation efficient random walk spheres balls algorithm . conditions , transition diffusion trajectories euler scheme , directional derivative velocity dependent testing method , parallel modelling closely-spaced diffusion trajectories . method equivalent transition single trajectory step euler scheme , suitable weight . weight direct differentiation respect initial direction . weight algorithm concentration derivatives efficient initial point subdomain coefficients diffusion equation constant_1510
efficient algorithms stiff elliptic problems large parameters . finite element approximation iteration algorithms stiff elliptic boundary problems large parameters front higher derivative . convergence rate algorithms independent spread coefficients discretization parameter_1511
mathematical aspects computer-aided share trading . problems statistical analysis share prices probabilistic characteristics price series . methods mathematical modelling price series probabilistic characteristics_1512
solution reconstruction problem source function . coagulation-fragmentation equation problem source function kinetic coagulation-fragmentation equation . study optimal control methods , solvability theory operator equations , iteration algorithms_1513
universal parametrization smoothly-connected b-spline surfaces . paper , feasibility universal parametrization b-spline surfaces , literature lim , . interesting property parametrization continuity b-spline surfaces patches constraints . , simple blending method patchwork surfaces , overlapping control nets . account semi-localness property universal parametrization . natural b-spline surfaces deviation data points low . experimental results sets surface data points_1514
p-bezier curves , spirals , sectrix curves . connection bezier curves polar coordinates , p-bezier focal bezier curves , families spirals sectrix curves . p-bezier curves analogue polar coordinates nonparametric bezier curves cartesian coordinates . curves subset rational bezier curves control points radial directions respect polar angle , weights equal inverse polar radius . subset classical sectrix curves , problem angle equal spans , spirals trajectories particles central fields . , p-bezier curves family sinusoidal spirals tschirnhausens cubic . , trisectrix maclaurin generalizations , arachnidas . , special class epi spirals trisectrix delanges_1515
duality cusps inflection points bezier . curves planar algebraic curve implicit equation tangential equation . tangential equation defines dual curve . parametrization , parametrization dual curve , tangential equation implicit equation . equations roots parameter values cusps inflection points . methods polar reciprocation theory envelopes_1516
blossoms symmetric linear constraints . paper , close dependence control polygon polynomial minimum blossom symmetric linear constraints . minimization problem , unique solution point delta bezier curve . minimization function , sufficient conditions uniqueness solution , , concavity control polygon polynomial characteristics polya frequency-control polygon minimum critical point polynomial . blossoming theory geometrical interpretation minimization problem . addition , minimization approach method inequalities elementary symmetric polynomials_1517
explicit matrix representation nurbs curves surfaces . matrix forms curves surfaces cad cam . paper matrix representation formulations arbitrary degree nurbs curves surfaces . approaches computation difference marsden identity . explicit coefficient matrix b-spline spaced knot bezier curves surfaces formulae . coefficient formulae coefficient matrix formulae paper non-uniform b-spline functions arbitrary degree explicit polynomial matrix forms . evaluation conversion nurbs curves surfaces , cad cam systems_1518
structural invariance spatial pythagorean hodographs . structural invariance four-polynomial characterization three-dimensional pythagorean hodographs dietz al . , arbitrary spatial rotations , . proof factored-quaternion representation pythagorean hodographs three-dimensional euclidean space-a instance ph representation map choi al . unit quaternion description spatial rotations . approach simple derivation polynomials , upsilon , , canonical form rotated pythagorean hodograph , terms original polynomials , upsilon , , angle theta spatial rotation . preservation canonical form ph space curves arbitrary spatial rotations essential incorporation computer-aided design manufacturing applications , contour machining free-form surfaces ball-end mill realtime ph curve cnc interpolators_1519
linear tense logics sets . extension language linear tense logic future past connectives , , modality points set time . general framework growth qualitatively . logical system , completeness decidability result kinds flow time context . sets briefly_152
uniform hyperbolic polynomial b-spline curves . paper kind uniform splines , hyperbolic polynomial b-splines , space omega span sinh , cosh , k- , k- , k- , ... , arbitrary equal hyperbolic b-splines share properties space give subdivision curve prove control subdivisions hyperbolic b-splines handle freeform hyperbola catenary generation product straightforward . tensor surfaces : saddle surface catenary cylinder ruled surface NA_1520
optimal multi-degree reduction bezier curves constraints endpoints . continuity bezier curve degree , problem optimal multi-degree reduction degree reduction degree bezier curve degree n- constraints endpoint continuity . respect norm , paper approximate method mdr explicit solution . method good properties endpoint interpolation : continuity , , orders endpoints . method paper performs multi-degree reduction time stepwise computing . multi-degree reduction endpoint continuity order , mdr squares approximation . comparison method multi-degree reduction mdr infinity , uniform approximation respect infinity norm , . approximate effect mdr mdr infinity . explicit approximate error analysis multi-degree reduction methods_1521
port web security . web services trusting model internet , powerful payloads businesses consumers . , author security concerns fixes . web services incorporate business processes_1522
process specialization : defining specialization state diagrams . precise definition specialization inheritance promises organizational process object modeling . , , reuse , process models . , object-oriented analysis design methodologies full advantage object specialization hierarchy , process specialization hierarchy major process representations , state diagram , data flow diagram , uml representations . lack support implicit assumption process object . paper straightforward ; process-specific approach . approach form set transformations , process description , specialization . approach state diagram representation approach specialization , promise method processes . apparent inconsistencies notion process specialization work object specialization show inconsistencies superficial definition compatible traditional notion specialization_1523
organizational design , information transfer , acquisition . rent-producing resources resource-based view firm , dynamic story knowledge history firm organizational routines structures firms ability resources capabilities . paper possibility firms organizational designs likelihood rent-producing resources capabilities . computational model tension organizations desire environment capabilities organizations capabilities . support proposition integration , , important source dynamic capability . model greater insight tradeoffs forms integration form . , evidence uncertain environments , ability alternatives critical environments , ability information paramount_1524
dependence graphs : dependence groups . paper two-party dependence theory castelfranchi , cesta miceli , , . demazeau . werner eds . , elsevier north multiagent dependence . potentialities structures , complexity , utility systems purposes . , theory links , reference phenomena , structures , . networks applied agent applied . version , theory instrument complexity , system process contexts cooperative contexts NA_1525
gk-devs : geometric kinematic devs formalism simulation modeling . -dimensional multi-component systems combined discrete continuous simulation methodology devs discrete event system specification formalism paper simulation requirements -dimensional dynamic systems multi-components . geometric kinematic devs gk-devs formalism geometric kinematic structure system continuous state dynamics interaction multi-components . model dynamic behavior hierarchical structure , atomic model conventional devs model formalism . simulation continuous motion -d components , sequential state set discrete continuous state set rate change function continuous state set . conventional devs formalism , gk-devs formalism hierarchical , modular modeling fashion coupling scheme . , gk-devs model simulation , abstract simulation algorithm , gk-simulator , data control events object-oriented principle . gk-devs formalism gk-simulator algorithm simulation flexible manufacturing system -axis lathe , -axis milling machine , vehicle-mounted robot_1526
devs formalism elp models diagnosis sachem . paper original approach event control continuous processes means expert knowledge . application approach sachem diagnosis subsystem . sachem system large-scale knowledge-based system set operators dynamics complex continuous systems , blast furnaces . proposed method : definition language acquisition representation expert knowledge , expert language process ; ii devs formalism elp models operational ; iii algorithms operational models_1527
devs simulation intrusion detection systems . intrusion detection system attempts unauthorized , misuse , abuse computer network systems . intrusions sophisticated , scope ids . systems , diverse attacks networks . feature recent attacks packet delivery slow , attack sources attack targets . attacks stealthy attacks . attacks , deployment idss . environment , ability ids information attacks important . research , ids model blacklist facts attacks slow packets . valid blacklist facts knowledge base ids , model idss . attack level interaction threshold , id agents interaction messages id agents hosts . agent model interruptible atomic-expert model expert system model component_1528
quantized-state systems : devs-approach continuous system simulation . class dynamical systems , quantized state systems qss , paper . qss continuous time systems input trajectories constant functions state variable trajectories linear functions piecewise constant functions quantization function hysteresis . qss discrete event model , framework devs-approach . , qss approximate continuous systems , discrete-event simulation opposition classical discrete-time simulation . approximating qss , stability properties original system solutions qss solutions original system quantization_1529
relationship omega automata temporal logic normal forms . relationship omega automata specific logical formulation normal form temporal logic formulae . normal form execution clausal resolution temporal logics , , , omega automata high-level . technical proofs correctness representation_153
uniform supersaturated design construction . supersaturated designs factorial designs number main effects greater number experimental runs . paper , discrete discrepancy measure uniformity supersaturated designs , lower discrepancy , benchmark design uniformity . construction method uniform supersaturated designs resolvable balanced incomplete block designs investigation properties designs . construction method strong link kinds designs_1530
average optimization approximate solution operator equations . application paper , definition optimization operator equations average case setting . general result relevant optimization problem . result optimization approximate solution classes integral equations_1531
dedekind zeta-functions dedekind sums . paper dedekind zeta functions real quadratic number fields dedekind sums high rank . formula siegels . application , polynomial representation zeta - zeta - , identical mod , square root 5q , prime , class number quadratic number field square root_1532
generic simulation approach multi-axis machining . part : model calibration . feed rate scheduling part . vol . part two-part paper methodology machining complex sculptured surfaces . section paper detailed explanation model calibration procedure . methodology force coefficients multi-axis machining . force model part force coefficients effects feed rate , speed , complex cutting edge design . experimental results calibration procedure . model verification tests force coefficients . tests forces experimentally forces . results dynamic cutting forces static dynamic tool deflection . section paper discusses modeling methodology feed rate scheduling industrial application . case study process optimization airfoil-like surface demonstration . instantaneous chip load force constraint , feed rate scheduling metal removal rate . feed rate scheduling implementation results reduction machining time airfoil-like surface_1533
generic simulation approach multi-axis machining . part : modeling . methodology paper methodology machining complex sculptured surfaces . generalized approach arbitrary cutting edge design , local surface topology complex sculptured surface . nurbs curve edge profile . approach advantages arbitrary cutting edge design generic , techniques location orientation edge . local surface topology part surfaces previous tool paths vicinity current tool position . local surface topology part expensive cad system . systematic prediction technique instantaneous tool part interaction machining . methodology edge in-cut segments intersection nurbs curve representation edge local surface topology . in-cut segments instantaneous chip load , static dynamic forces , tool deflection . part paper details modeling methodology capabilities simulation complex surface_1534
hot controllers . years , semiconductor industry emphasis ways accuracy thermal mass flow controllers tmfcs . issues orientation pressure effects attention , effect ambient temperature process gas temperature . scientists engineers qualiflow problem temperature correction algorithm digital tmfcs . environmental temperature compensation technique , correction factors temperature effect satisfactory results traditional sensor , improved thin-film sensors_1535
connection management qos service web . current web service model requests , servers network . , multiple priority schemes , levels service desirable . application-level tcp connection management mechanisms web servers levels web service , high low service , time-outs inactive tcp connections . performance mechanism heavy light loading conditions web server . experiments , heavy traffic network , high level class performance - . , mechanism qos services absence system network supports_1536
technology social issues videoconferencing internet : survey . constant advances audio video compression , development multicast protocol fast improvement computing devices higher speed , larger memory opportunity resource videoconferencing vc sessions internet . multicast multicast backbone mbone , special portion internet protocol . mbone vc tools user population . vc fascinating application potential . , adoption vc . , important factors widespread adoption vc . paper technology social issues . achievements future challenges . integration multimedia tools vc order versatility effectiveness_1537
heuristic approach locations broadband networks . broadband networks , atm , importance dynamic migration data resources potential performance transaction processing . environments migratory data resources , mechanisms locations data resource . paper , algorithm system state information heuristics locations data resources network . algorithm , site information state sites respect data resource system : subset sites data resource ; site data resource current site . algorithm effectiveness system state information site . average time delay transaction requests migratory data resources . performance algorithm location management algorithms , simulation studies system parameters frequency requests generation , frequency data resource migrations , network topology scale network . experimental results effectiveness algorithm cases_1538
comments recent methods simultaneous determination . polynomial zeros note comments recent results simultaneous method fourth-order complex zeros circular interval arithmetic . main discussion rediscovered iterative formula modification , sun kosmol , . comments critical parts papers petkovic , trickovic , , sun kosmol , subject_1539
concurrent systems symbolic execution . current techniques temporal properties concurrent systems transition systems temporal formulas program counter variables . proofs intuitive , control flow . sequential programs symbolic execution intuitive , interactive proof strategy . paper technique parallel programs . properties interval temporal logic . implementation interactive theorem prover kiv technique high degree automation simple , local invariants_154
adaptive thinning bivariate data . paper studies strategies large set data piecewise linear functions subsets . strategies locations data points plane , values function points adaptive thinning . thinning strategies data points , estimate error results removal point current set points estimate anticipated error . thinning process subsets significant points , piecewise linear interpolants delaunay triangulations subsets approximate progressively function values original scattered points , approximation errors small relative number points subsets . design methods anticipated error reasonable cost , performance methods . data convex function , strategy convex triangulation , actual error measure anticipated error . data quadratic polynomials , adaptive thinning equivalent thinning locations data points nonadaptive thinning . numerical tests comparisons , practical adaptive thinning algorithms large data sets , accurate_1540
at89c51 flash memory programmers . plethora applications , essential versatile microcontroller hand . author at89c51 microcontrollers . , hell inexpensive microcontroller programmer_1541
open-source hcs project . rumors , hcs ii project dead . fact , hcs open-source project . article , author hcs ii projects , present , future . hcs ii expandable , standalone , network-based rs- , intelligent-node , industrial-oriented supervisory control sc system intended control applications . incorporates digital inputs , direct analog inputs , real time decision event triggering x10 , infrared control transmission , remote lcds , console . compiler NA_1542
riscy business . part : risc projects cornell students . author projects cornell university students atmel design contest . vertical plotter ; bilines , electronic game ; wireless internet pager ; coach ; barbies drive ; model train controller_1543
nkk smartswitch . graphics text . message workplace safety world peace , long nights ways world . part basic interface smartswitch . part bells whistles text messages screen . character generation , graphic generation user interface_1544
pontryagin maximum principle optimal control fluid dynamic . systems point boundary state constraint optimal control problem subject semilinear equation state constraint . theorems examples state constraints maximum principle . main difficulty problem sensitivity analysis state respect control unboundedness nonlinearity operator_1545
conditions optimality impulsive systems banach spaces . conditions optimality optimal control problems systems impulsive evolution equations banach spaces . basic notations terminologies conditions optimality . special cases application classical linear quadratic regulator problem_1546
projection-type methods monotone lcp finite termination . paper projection-type methods solution monotone linear complementarity problem lcp . methods combination extragradient method newton method , active set strategy linear system equations lower dimension iteration . assumption monotonicity , methods convergent . , nondegeneracy condition finite termination property . , methods monotone affine variational inequality problem_1547
order characteristic finite element scheme convection-diffusion . problems characteristic finite element scheme convection-diffusion problems . order accuracy time increment , symmetric , stable . optimal error estimates framework theory . numerical results examples , advantage scheme_1548
riccati-based preconditioner invariant subspaces large . matrices paper introduces analyzes convergence properties method approximation invariant subspace group eigenvalues large diagonalizable matrix . method family projection type methods . step , approximate invariant subspace linearized riccatis equation block analogue correction jacobi-davidson method . analysis paper method rate quasi-quadratic approximate invariant subspace exact . implementation method multigrid techniques numerical experiments_1549
fuzzy non-homogeneous markov systems . paper theory fuzzy logic fuzzy reasoning theory markov systems concept fuzzy non-homogeneous markov system time . effort uncertainty estimation transition probabilities input probabilities markov systems . asymptotic behaviour fuzzy markov system asymptotic variability closed analytic form . , attainable structures system closed analytic form realistic assumptions . importance result fact cases traditional methods probabilities due lack data measurement errors . introduction fuzzy logic markov systems powerful tool advantage symbolic knowledge experts systems_155
convergence bermudez-moreno algorithm constant parameters . . bermudez . moreno duality numerical algorithm variational inequalities kind . performance algorithm choice constant parameters . hypothesis inf-sup type , convergence theorem . bermudez . . convergence linear , expression asymptotic error constant explicit form optimal parameters , function constants variational inequality . , numerical examples theoretical results_1550
numerical solution evolution problem order time . smooth boundary initial problem second-order differential equation dirichlet-to-neumann operator coefficient . numerical solution semi-discretization laguerre transformation respect time variable . infinite system stationary operator equations . potential theory , operator equations boundary integral equations kind logarithmic hypersingular kernels . full discretization nystroms method trigonometric quadrature rules . numerical tests ability method types nonstationary problems_1551
stability runge-kutta methods delay integro-differential equations . study stability runge-kutta rk methods delay integro-differential equations constant delay basis linear equation dt integral theta , , , constant complex matrices . , result case koto , holds test equation , , a-stable rk method delay-independent stability exact solution step-size form , positive integer_1552
numerical solution problem -d heat conduction . equation two-dimensional heat conduction problem , initial boundary problem inverse problem initial temperature distribution transient temperature measurements . conditional stability inverse problem error analysis tikhonov regularization . implicit inversion method , regularization technique successive over-relaxation sor iteration process , . due explicit difference scheme direct heat problem paper , inversion process efficient , application sor technique inversion convergent . numerical results method_1553
differential calculus p-norms complex-valued vector functions . applications complex-valued n-dimensional vector functions , smooth , differentiability properties mapping point epsilon : epsilon , . usual vector norm . , epsilon , infinity . , formulae derivatives , , , . formulae vibration problems upper bounds classes bounds . results methods . systematic differential calculus vector norms , time , major advances branches mathematics sciences_1554
note multi-index polynomials dickson type applications . quantum optics properties family multi-index lucas type polynomials , problems intracavity photon statistics . approach integral representation method class polynomials multi-index hermite polynomials_1555
regularity incomplete pal-type interpolation problems . paper regularity pal-type interpolation problems . literature interpolation zeros pair alpha alpha alpha , alpha alpha alpha . nodes subset sets zeros_1556
boundedness , means orthonormal expansions general . exponential weights finite infinite interval , : , infinity . weight , orthonormal polynomials . : , mth partial sum orthonormal expansion respect polynomials . boundedness weighted spaces , sigma . class weights exponential weights_1557
orthogonality jacobi polynomials negative integer parameters . jacobi polynomials alpha , beta orthogonal respect quasi-definite linear functional alpha , beta , alpha beta negative integer numbers . , sobolev orthogonality polynomials alpha negative integer beta negative integer case beta negative integer numbers . paper , sobolev orthogonality jacobi polynomials remainder cases_1558
comparison theorem iterative method preconditioner . max . . gunawardena al . gauss-seidel method preconditioner . article , preconditioner max . , max largest element row upper triangular part . lemma . neumann . . plemmons , comparison theorem proposed method . simple numerical examples_1559
extended logic programming alarm-correlation cellular phone . networks alarm correlation necessity large mobile phone networks , alarm bursts severe failures network operators . alarm-correlation cellular phone networks extended logic programming . end , algorithm system problem , model mobile phone network application , detailed solution specific scenario_156
determinantal solutions solvable chaotic systems . solvable chaotic systems , arithmetic-harmonic arm algorithm ulam-von neumann uvn map , determinantal solutions . additional formula determinants riccati difference equations key role cases . infinite hierarchies solvable chaotic systems determinantal solutions_1560
self-validating integration approximation piecewise analytic functions . analytic piecewise analytic function compact interval . algorithms enclosures integral function . conditions representation function , minimal order numbers operations . integration algorithm numerical comparisons non-validating integration software_1561
solution class two-dimensional integral equations . two-dimensional integral equation pi integral integral phi , , circular disk : , pi , present paper . kernel distance points , theta , , alpha alpha . results bessel functions , integral representations kernel alpha alpha , , two-dimensional integral equation . solutions weakly singular integral equation alpha hypersingular integral equation alpha ,_1562
distance elliptical distributions embedding . siegel group paper embeddings manifolds elliptical probability distributions informative geometry manifold positive-definite matrices siegel metric , result . general embeddings applicable wide class elliptical probability distributions , normal , t-student cauchy specific examples . lower rao distance , distance , , embeddings , number statistical tests hypothesis_1563
asymptotic normality phi divergence goodness-of-fit tests . paper wide class goodness-of-fit statistics phi divergences , asymptotic normality assumption , infinity , sample size number cells . result contiguous alternatives asymptotic efficiency_1564
lag windows jacobi polynomials . lag windows spectral windows jacobi polynomials sums jacobi polynomials . bias variance spectral density estimators window bandwidth characteristic exponent_1565
numerical result retarded functional differential . equations paper numerical exact solutions functional differential equation numerical approximations . result exact solutions numerical approximation initial . behavior stable manifolds functional differential equations numerics result_1566
asymptotic expansions zeros special functions . asymptotic expansions zeros cosine-integral ci struve function , formulae zeros kelvin functions . numerical evidence accuracy expansions_1567
natural language artificial life . article linguistics , study lexico-syntactic aspects language , fertile ground artificial life modeling . survey models decade half alife techniques lot explanatory theory language . structure language interaction complex adaptive systems : learning , culture , biological evolution . computational simulation , theoretical linguistics , response challenge real linguistic data terms processes human language_1568
interactive self-replicator hardware . self-replicating loops date worlds , inaccessible observer replication process . design interactive self-replicating loop arbitrary size , user loops replication destruction . biowall , reconfigurable electronic wall bio-inspired applications , design loop hardware implementation wall_1569
automatic extraction eye mouth fields face image . eigenfeatures ensemble networks paper algorithm extraction eye mouth facial features fields 2d gray level images . eigenfeatures eigenvalues eigenvectors binary edge data eye mouth fields . eigenfeatures ideal features finely locating fields . eigenfeatures set positive negative training samples facial features multilayer perceptron mlp output degree image window eyes mouth . ensemble network multitude independent mlps generalization performance single mlp . algorithm robust facial size slight variations_157
self-reproduction three-dimensional reversible cellular space . due inevitable power dissipation , nano-scaled computing devices processes reversible manner . large problem three-dimensional nano-scaled functional objects . reversible cellular automata rca physical phenomena power dissipation , dissipation garbage signals . three-dimensional self-inspective self-reproducing reversible cellular automaton two-dimensional version sr . patterns three-dimensional reversible cellular space garbage signals_1570
emergence environmental control . microcosms work investigation gaia theory lovelock , ages gaia , oxford university press , artificial life perspective downing , proceedings 7th international conference artificial life , . - , mit press , , aim general compatibility emergent environmental control conventional natural selection . earlier system , guild downing zvirinsky , artificial life , , - , , emergent regulation chemical environment population agents , chemical model results trivial , reactions single energy cost . model , metamic , abstract chemistries small set legal reactions , basic fundamental relationships energy , entropy , biomass synthesis breakdown . general phenomena emergent homeostasis , chemistries basis metamic runs , part gaia hunt . search discovers chemistries microbial populations capable physical environmental factor growth-optimal range , extra metabolic cost . case studies gaia hunt simple mechanisms real biota underlying chemistry control physical environment . results light question gaia earth , possibility emergent environmental control microcosmic level_1571
ant colony optimization stochastic gradient descent . relationship techniques ant colony optimization aco stochastic gradient descent . , empirical aco algorithms approximate stochastic gradient descent space pheromones , implementation stochastic gradient descent family aco algorithms . insight mutual contributions techniques_1572
no-go areas ? content management . alex fry content management systems website access important customer group , disabled_1574
records role e-business . records management standards key role e-business strategy_1578
neural neuro-fuzzy integration knowledge-based system air quality . prediction unified approach implicit explicit knowledge neurosymbolic systems combination neural neuro-fuzzy modules . developed hybrid system , training data set neuro-fuzzy modules , implicit domain knowledge . explicit domain knowledge hand fuzzy rules , equivalent neural structures . aim approach abilities modular neural structures , incomplete learning data sets , knowledge human experts account general neural architecture . methods explicit implicit knowledge modules . techniques fuzzy rules neural implicit knowledge modules . techniques structure behavior entire system . methodology field air quality prediction encouraging results . experiments method worth investigation_158
confusion workflow content management . information management vendors re-position portal spin products , graham urquhart . result confusion , range definitions claims true picture_1583
content clear workflow content management . graeme muir schlumbergersema cuts confusion content , document records management_1584
contentment management . andersens yarker richard young outline route successful content management strategy_1588
view top workflow content management . international law firm linklaters global document content management system accessible clients_1589
intelligent system resource-bounded reasoning techniques . paper , progressive reasoning intelligent multiple methods system , architecture resource-bounded reasoning form progressive reasoning so-called multiple methods approach . time-critical reasoning unit approximate result time overload failure system accurate result . , reasoning units approximate processing salient features . , incremental processing unit approximate solution . , multiple methods approach alternatives problem , resources . resource-bounded reasoning paradigms , actual scope real-world application domains_159
workflow content management . marc fresko cornwell management consultants electronic records management policy_1590
quadratic interpolation spheres . riemannian quadratics curves riemannian manifolds , quadratic recursive decastlejeau algorithm riemannian setting . interest interpolation problems riemannian manifolds , trajectory-planning rigid body motion . interpolation properties riemannian quadratics ambient manifold sphere projective space , usual riemannian metrics_1591
hermite interpolation rotation-invariant spatial pythagorean-hodograph . curves interpolation first-order hermite data spatial pythagorean-hodograph curves exhibit closure arbitrary -dimensional rotations . hodographs curves correspond combinations polynomials , dietz al . , compact descriptions terms quaternions instance ph representation map choi al . . lowest-order ph curves interpolate arbitrary first-order spatial hermite data quintics . , ph quintics , quaternion representation reduction hermite interpolation problem simple quadratic equations quaternion unknowns . system closed-form solution , ph quintic interpolants spatial hermite data two-parameter family . integral shape measure free parameters_1592
single multi-interval legendre methods time parabolic equations . paper , parabolic equation periodic boundary conditions model spectral method fourier approximation spatial single multi-interval legendre petrov-galerkin methods time . single interval spectral method time , optimal error estimate norm . multi-interval spectral method time , optimal error estimate valid spatial . numerical results efficiency methods_1593
training multilayer perceptrons minimization sum ridge functions . problem training multilayer perceptrons neural networks , problem sigma xi . , xi , , xi . ridge function . small problem univariate functions , gradient algorithms large . large , online gradient algorithms monotonicity weak convergence algorithms_1594
convergence finite element approximations multilevel linearization . ginzburg-landau model d-wave superconductors paper , finite element approximations ginzburg-landau-type model d-wave superconductors . contrast conventional ginzburg-landau model scalar complex order-parameter multicomponent complex order-parameter free energy d-wave paring symmetry . convergence optimal error estimates super-convergent estimates derivatives . , multilevel linearization procedure nonlinear systems . optimal error estimates super-convergence derivatives multi-level linearization algorithm_1595
collocation methods kind boundary integral equation . acoustic scattering paper wavelet algorithm piecewise constant collocation method boundary element solution kind integral equation acoustic scattering . conventional stiffness matrix matrix respect bases , compressed matrix . , stiffness matrix diagonal preconditioners matrix system linear equations sparse . matrix , boundary integral equation_1596
application heuristic methods conformance test selection . paper focus test selection problem . real-life problem telecommunication reliability application . metaheuristics , reactive tabu search rts , genetic algorithms ga annealing problem . modifications conventional schemes adaptive neighbourhood sampling rts , adaptive variable mutation rate ga adaptive variable neighbourhood structure sa . performance algorithms models protocols . computational results ga sa high-quality solutions acceptable time results commercial software , applicable practical test selection_1597
decision support model product service benefit positionings . art science successful product service positioning firms ability set consumer benefits : buyer , distinctive respects , believable , deliverable , sustainable actual potential competitive abilities , , target markets firm . years , ubiquitous quadrant chart simple graph product service benefits product service attributes terms consumers perceptions importance attributes brand supplier choice performance firms attributes . paper model quadrant chart concept decision support system firms market share product service . , decision support model utilizes simple marketing research data consumers benefit importances , supplier performances benefits message components target buyers . case study model . study deals advertising message components entrant air shipping market . , , management reactions application model date , areas research model extension_1598
main battle tank fuzzy decision theory . linguistic criteria evaluation paper , experts opinions linguistic terms trapezoidal triangular fuzzy numbers . consensus experts consistent , fuzzy delphi method fuzzy rating expert consensus condition . aggregate experts opinions , operation fuzzy numbers fuzzy rating , ij weight , . . multi-alternatives multi-attributes cases , fuzzy decision matrix means fuzzy rating , ij . , aggregate fuzzy numbers fuzzy decision matrix fuzzy attribute weights . final results problem fuzzy numbers . easy procedure fuzzy numbers aggregate fuzzy numbers . , selection system . practical application , algorithm main battle tank fuzzy decision theory methods_1599
dual nature mass multi-agent systems . dual nature mass multi-agent systems internal discord spheres micro virtual agents internal phenomena , interface real world necessity approach analysis , design utilisation systems . concept vr decomposition , problem management systems . sub-type application sphere , evolutionary multi-agent system emas . emas features mmas advantages evolutionary model computation . illustration consideration emas , promising results fields multiobjective optimisation time-series prediction , approach_16
paper tiger paperwork organization . critical problem information professionals , massive flow documents , paper trails , information efficient dependable approaches processing storing items information_160
development evaluation fuzzy logic expert system renal . transplantation assignment : tool ? donor kidneys patients complex , multicriteria decision-making problem medical , ethical political issues . paper , fuzzy logic expert system approach innovative vagueness complexity medical doctors kidney allocation decision making . pilot fuzzy logic expert system kidney allocation comparison allocation algorithms : priority sorting system multiple organ retrieval exchange canada point scoring systems network organ unos . experiment real data fuzzy logic system experts complex tradeoffs , , fuzzy logic recommendations acceptable expert unos algorithms_1600
multiple competitive facilities location problem . paper heuristic procedures solution multiple competitive facilities location problem . franchise facilities trade area facilities . objective market share franchise . extensive computational tests two-step heuristic procedure annealing ascent algorithm solutions_1601
optimization approach reusable software components . software engineering great potential significant productivity improvements implementation successful software reuse program . hand , gains detailed action organizational program level . , paucity research papers planning , , optimized planning surprising . research , gap , application optimization planning reusable software components scs . model selects set scs , order development adaptation costs . implications management simulation , approach cost models software engineering literature . prescriptive model literature_1602
structure adaptive dynamic programming algorithms . stochastic batch service problem purpose paper importance structural results dynamic programming algorithms . problem optimal strategies batch service customers service station . customers station , cost service cost . service customers groups fixed service capacity . structure cost functions theoretical results monotonicity functions . , adaptive dynamic programming monotone algorithm structure monotonicity estimates iterations approximate functions . problem homogeneous customers , means comparison heuristic . , algorithm classical dynamic programming methods_1603
supply-chain performance advance demand information . paper , advance demand information adi supply-chain performance . types adi , a-adi detailed adi d-adi . a-adi , customers manufacturers information order product time period , information product potential manufacturers order . d-adi , customers information product , manufacturer order uncertain . mathematical models supply chains adi . exact expressions closed-form approximations costs , base-stock levels , variations production quantities . manufacturer customers adi , adi bullwhip effect . conditions optimal adi customers . supply chains detail : supply chain arbitrary number products identical demand rates , supply chain products arbitrary demand rates . supply chains , values a-adi d-adi characteristics supply chain quality information , conditions a-adi d-adi cost . results decision makers cost savings adi beneficial supply chains_1604
heuristic mixed chinese postman problem . arc routing problems arps traversal graph conditions links graph . chinese postman problem aim minimum cost tour walk links graph . undirected cpp , links edges ways , , links arcs , solvable . , mixed graph edges arcs , problem np-hard . paper , heuristic algorithm problem , so-called mixed cpp mcpp , greedy randomized adaptive search procedure techniques . algorithm recent methods literature wide collection randomly instances , nodes links , encouraging computational results . , heuristic algorithm mcpp , respect solution quality ,_1605
single machine earliness-tardiness scheduling resource-dependent release . dates paper deals single machine earliness tardiness scheduling problem common due date resource-dependent release dates . cost resource consumption job non-increasing linear function job release date , function common jobs . objective schedule job release total resource consumption , earliness tardiness penalties . problem np-hard ordinary sense due date number jobs due date unrestricted . exact dynamic programming dp algorithm small medium size problems . heuristic algorithm large-scale problems results computational comparison heuristic optimal solutions_1606
solvable queueing network model railway networks validation . applications netherlands performance railway networks , detailed train schedules . railway infrastructure capacities actual traffic . paper solvable queueing network model performance measures interest train schedules timetables . form expressions delays . network designs , traffic scenarios , capacity expansions . comparison real delay data netherlands practical model . special dutch cargo-line application_1607
geometric process equivalent model multistate degenerative system . paper , monotone process model one-component degenerative system states failure states state . model equivalent geometric process gp model two-state component system systems long-run average cost unit time optimal policy . , explicit expression determination optimal policy_1608
undesirable factors efficiency evaluation . data envelopment analysis dea relative efficiency decision units dmus multiple performance factors outputs inputs . efficient frontier , inefficient dmus performance efficient frontier current output levels current input levels . , desirable good undesirable bad factors present . , inefficiency production processes final products production wastes pollutants , outputs wastes pollutants undesirable performance . classification invariance property , standard dea model performance desirable outputs undesirable outputs . method situations inputs performance . linearity convexity dea proposal_1609
electronic books : reports death . e-books , consumer market devices cheaper quality . library journals review major events year requirements success e-books development sustainable business model development reading devices . e-book revolution evolution . developments advances future_161
dynamic multi-objective heating optimization . multicriteria approach problem space heating time price electricity . dynamic goal programming model goals ideal temperature intervals criteria costs energy consumption . modelling requirements multicriteria problems dynamic structure relaxation method traditional epsilon constraint goal programming gp methods . multi-objective heating optimization moho application spreadsheet environment numerical examples_1610
data mining business intelligence competitive advantage . organizations transactions information competitive advantage vis-a-vis competitors business excellence . information technology tools knowledge processing edge organizations current era fierce competition . enterprises business information system ; business intelligence system . competitive pressures desire leverage information technology techniques organizations benefits technology , data warehousing data mining . paper discusses data warehouses data mining tools applications_1611
current waveform control high-power-factor rectifier circuit harmonic . suppression voltage current distribution system paper input current waveform control rectifier circuit high input power factor harmonics suppression receiving-end voltage source current distorted receiving-end voltage . input current waveform harmonic components phase receiving-end voltage harmonics . control parameter waveform characteristics harmonic suppression effect distribution system input power factor rectifier circuit . effectiveness current waveform_1613
transmission line fault-location system wavelet . paper system line-to-ground faults power transmission line wavelet . possibility location surge fault . order method practicable , authors processors . wavelet location chips , fast fault location system data parallel . system computer fpga processor boards pci bus . processors unix system graphical user interface window system_1614
laguerre approximation fractional systems . systems fractional power poles fractional systems . , laguerre orthogonal polynomials approximate fractional systems minimum phase , order , rational transfer functions . time frequency-domain analysis accuracy approximation_1615
pitch post-processing technique robust statistics . pitch post-processing technique robust statistics . performances terms pitch error rates pitch contours superiority method median filtering technique . improvement uncertainty term robust statistics model_1616
adaptive array antenna radial basis function network multiuser . detection wcdma adaptive array antenna radial basis function rbf network multiuser detector wcdma system . system optimal weight sample matrix inversion common correlation matrix algorithm channel response vector rbf output signal_1617
optimal learning patterns classification rbf networks . modifying structure radial basis function rbf network weight matrix input layer contrast direct connection input hidden layer conventional rbf training space rbf network resultant decision boundaries class regions . training weight matrix single-layer perceptron clustering process . network capable complicated problems , high degree interference training data , higher classification rate current classifiers rbf_1618
rate allocation video transmission lossy correlated networks . rate allocation algorithm video transmission lossy networks subject bursty packet losses . gilbert-elliot model encoder selection parameters . experimental results . 26l test model significant performance improvement respect assumption independent packet losses_1619
international news sites english . web access news sites world opportunity electronic news stand stocked variety foreign news sites . large number foreign sites english-language publications english language versions non-north american sites . sites varied terms quality , coverage , style . challenge . critical-thinking skills part media awareness digital literacy_162
rapid cauer filter design filter model . exact three-dimensional 3d design coaxial cauer filter filter model , 3d field simulator circuit simulator , . iterations field simulator circuit simulator specification_1620
current-mode fully-programmable piece-wise-linear block neuro-fuzzy . applications method arbitrary piece-wise-linear characteristic current mode . breaking points slope controllable . block n-shaped piece-wise-linearity . n-shaped block subthreshold region transistors . characteristics suitable large arrays neuro-fuzzy systems number transistors power consumption cell important concern . prototype block mu cmos technology . functionality programmability circuit experimental results_1621
error resilient intra refresh scheme . 26l stream . attention video ip-based networks . error resilient intra macro-block refresh scheme . 26l internet video . channel simulations scheme effective ._1622
transmission real-time video ip differentiated services . multimedia applications high bandwidth quality service qos . current internet , effort services , stringent qos requirements mpeg videos . mpeg frames service models diffserv . performance analysis simulation results approach qos high bandwidth utilisation_1623
genetic algorithm input output selection mimo systems . controllability observability indices time domain optimisation algorithm genetic algorithm conjunction linear search scheme smallest near-smallest subset inputs multi-input-multi-output system . experimental results algorithm fast convergence rate high computation efficiency_1624
fuzzy weighted autocorrelation function pitch extraction noisy . speech investigation feasibility fuzzy weighting scheme calculation autocorrelation function pitch extraction . simulation results proposed method robustness background noise conventional approaches pitch period noisy environment_1625
modifier formula square convergence lms algorithm . square convergence lms algorithm , update formula independence assumption explicit errors , step-size large . modifier formula convergence , . simulations formula conditions_1626
blind identification non-stationary ma systems . adaptive algorithm blind identification time-varying ma channels . algorithm system equations fourth-order statistics output signals ma models . overdetermined system equations important property symmetries overdetermined recursive instrumental variable-type algorithm . algorithm good behaviour arbitrary noisy environments good performance time-varying systems_1627
quasi-newton algorithm adaptive minor component extraction . adaptive quasi-newton algorithm single minor component smallest stationary sample covariance matrix . deflation technique inflation method higher-order minor components . algorithm advantage simpler computational complexity modular parallel structure efficient implementation . simulation results effectiveness algorithm multiple minor components_1628
robot trajectory control neural networks . type neural network trajectory robot . control system nn-based controller fixed-gain feedback controller . nn-based controller modified recurrent nn , weights nn inverse dynamics robot . work superiority nn-based control system large disturbances_1629
boolean operators naive end-user : . end-users boolean searching , obvious effective solution reality account . important aspect technical solution effort part users . search engine designers programmers account information-seeking behavior internet users . users series words random words boolean search statement_163
digital-domain self-calibration technique video-rate pipeline . converters gaussian white noise digital-domain self-calibration technique video-rate pipeline converters gaussian white noise input signal . algorithm simple efficient . design linearity pipeline adc technique_1630
efficiency exponentiation algorithms smart cards . rsa cryptosystem implementation stage , major security concern resistance so-called side-channel attacks . solutions complexity non-negligible factor , protected rsa exponentiation slower . time , protected solutions time exponentiation_1631
structure fractional delay filter small number multipliers . wide-bandwidth , high-resolution fractional delay filter structure small number multipliers output sample short coefficient computing time . proposal frequency fdf design method nyquist frequency , multirate structure_1632
gbit inp ms-dff low time . master-slave d-type flip-flop ms self-aligned inp dhbt technology . circuit shows full-rate clock operation gbit . low time jitter good retiming capabilities . layout aspects , packaging measurement issues_1633
maple happy . author upgrade mathematics package maple , scientists educators . developments waterloo maple class revolutionary student calculus package , maplets . high-level command calculus exploration plotting , , plot primitives . package hand-coding custom graphical user interfaces elements check boxes , radio buttons , slider bars pull-down menus . , maplet runtime java environment window-analogous java applet-to programmed routine , passing result maple worksheet_1634
simple ... complex . flexpro , weisang . , products aim range data users : , flexpros words , , data simplest . online system product market segment , clear introduction principles hands-on tutorial , live project mind_1635
sparc scholarly publishing . past years , initiatives librarians , researchers , university administrators independent publishers scholarly publishing marketplace . initiatives advantage electronic technology great potential science scientists . author outlines scholarly publishing academic resources coalition , initiative scientific journals accessible_1636
practice open access ? . business publishing journals transition . future , electronic publishing revolution wont work . knowledge sense nervous anticipation , edgy potential business , prospect change opportunity . paper open publishing model dissemination research_1637
chemical brotherhood . difficult chemistry internet age language era discipline . paper discusses , chemical mark-up language . extensible mark-up language universal format structured documents data web scientists wide range information types net transparent . xml browser_1638
hub algorithmic exchange . warwick university uk . typical 1960s , middle-of-the-road redbrick distinction uk research assessment exercise rae research highly-rated country , outstanding standards sciences . impressive performance warwick amount muscle , flexing , snappy approach things older institutions . result brand centre scientific computing csc , couple years initial conception_1639
plug-ins critical media literacy : collaborative program . information literacy important academic libraries . paper librarians instructors , students , information-literacy skill levels students academic careers , end . situation eye broader scope critical media literacy discussion skills inventory broader range intellectual activity_164
integration lims inspiration . software manufacturers , blessings form fast-moving application areas . case lims , biotechnology driving seat , developers rapid creative levels innovation . current advancements exception . integration initiatives popular activity productive minority_1640
development gaming . mainstream observers role fringe activities science technology . well-known examples wars innovation areas communications , cryptography , medicine aerospace ; erotica major factor pioneering visual media , printed books photography , cinematography , videotape , latest online video . article sampler controversial , underrated , symbiosis scientific computing computing leisure entertainment_1641
development validation user-adaptive navigation information . retrieval tools intranet portal organizational memory information system previous research properties organizational memory , conceptual model navigation retrieval functions intranet portal organizational memory information system , human-centred features memory structure map history-based tool users navigation retrieval well-known organizational memory . hypotheses validity conceptual model human-centred features , experiment subjects . testing hypotheses : memory structure maps users performance navigation , history-based tools users information . results study conceptual model human-centred features user-adaptive interface design users performance intranet portal organizational memory information system_1642
effectiveness user testing heuristic evaluation function . performance classification levels user performance , types information users types errors . errors information , usability problems categories . usability problems skill-based , rule-based knowledge-based levels performance . paper , user interface web-based software program usability evaluation methods , user testing heuristic evaluation . experiment heuristic evaluation human factor experts effective user testing usability problems skill-based rule-based levels performance . user testing effective heuristic evaluation usability problems knowledge-based level performance . practical application research paper_1643
experimental evaluation comprehensibility aspects knowledge structures . induction techniques : case study industrial fault diagnosis machine induction order knowledge bases decision support systems predictive systems . extent developers domain experts knowledge structures gain insights basis decision making challenging research issue . article knowledge structures c4 induction technique fault diagnostic task model human learning order process comprehensive results machine induction . model learning hierarchical representations diagnostic knowledge level abstraction goal structures shallow deep . comprehensibility global experimental comparison subjects knowledge structures transfer tasks . method issue comprehensibility promising machine induction techniques inflexible regard number sorts interventions system developers_1644
effects transition client-centred team organization . administrative surveying work work organization administrative surveying work sweden . work organization transition client-centred team-based organization change competence specialist generalist knowledge transition information technology , greater integration company . aim study surveyors years start transition consequences transition , job , organizational factors , well-being effectiveness measures . teamwork profile qps nordic questionnaire . surveyors study phases study group . result surveyors generalists improvements job organizational factors generalists . improvements quality service clients , time case effectiveness teamwork transfer team-based work organization group , cohesion continuous improvement practices-for , , delegation-were important social effectiveness group work_1645
limits shape constancy : point-to-point mapping perspective . projections flat figures present experiments point-to-point mapping perspective transformations 2d outline figures diverse viewing conditions : binocular free viewing , monocular perspective 2d cues optic tunnel , stereoptic viewing optic tunnel . experiment figures , baseline point-to-point mapping accuracy , good . shapes : square , circle . main experiment , figures , shapes-square shaped-showed slant degrees . evidence shape constancy outline perspective projections , metric perception structure projections limited . systematic distortions , extreme slants , joint effect factors : anchors , 3d information , slant underestimation . contradictory flatness cues performance , stereoptic information_1646
childrens performance preference . computer-displayed text study common online text performance elementary school-age children actual readability computer-displayed typefaces -point sizes . children , ages , childrens passages erroneous words reading . comic sans ms , arial times roman typefaces , size , readable reading efficiency score courier . differences speed typeface combinations . general , -point size sans serif typefaces easiest , fastest , attractive , desirable school-related material . addition , participants comic sans ms -point arial -point courier . recommendations typeface combinations children computers_1647
spatial solutions office furniture . stress office design furniture staff , major buying decisions_1648
office essentials stationery suppliers . stationery simple task effective planning management stock , supplier_1649
news online . author , small stories vast oceans news . tool news resource alerts materials . focus . sources , free . , excellent news monitoring system large number topics cost_165
low mid-speed copiers buyers guide . low mid-speed copier market universal adoption digital solutions . days analogue copier vendors sector . market digital , vendors prices , digital solution affordable . battle copier market intense , popularity multifunctional device office equipment market . total cost ownership important budgets , cost-effective solutions shake-down_1650
h-matrix approximation operator exponential applications . data-sparse accurate approximation solution operators case general elliptic part p-positive operator . class matrices h-matrices data-sparse approximate matrix arithmetic linear complexity . , matrix-vector matrix-matrix product matrices computation inverse linear-logarithmic cost . paper , h-matrix techniques approximate exponent elliptic operator . dunford-cauchy representation operator exponent , integral exponentially convergent quadrature rule short sum resolvents . h-matrices . algorithm two-level parallelism respect computation resolvents treatment time values . case smooth data coefficients , boundaries , linear-logarithmic complexity method_1651
convergence finite volume scheme nonlinear degenerate parabolic . equations entropy weak solution nonlinear parabolic degenerate equation div delta phi piecewise constant function discretization space time finite volume scheme . convergence size space time steps . step , estimates convergence , subsequence , measure entropy solution entropy process solution . result uniqueness entropy process solution , strong convergence . numerical results model equation_1652
circulant preconditioners hermitian toeplitz systems . ii . . multiple-zero case pt . . siam . numer . anal . , vol . , . - . circulant-type preconditioners ill-conditioned hermitian toeplitz systems nonnegative continuous functions order . circulant preconditioners explicit knowledge functions . spectra preconditioned matrices fixed number outliers eigenvalues . conjugate gradient method circulant systems . result case generating functions multiple zeros . main aim paper complete convergence proof method class functions_1653
numerical validation solutions complementarity problems : nonlinear . case paper validation method solutions nonlinear complementarity problems . validation procedure computational test . result test positive , multi-dimensional interval solution solutions nonlinear complementarity problem_1654
empirical investigation influences degree interactivity . user-outcomes multimedia environment study influence interactivity outcomes users multimedia systems environment . past literature base key tenets learning theories behaviorist , cognitivist , constructivist study measurement scheme interactivity interactivity learning terms users achievement attitude . prototypes multimedia instructional training system high , low , noninteractive modes hypothesized influences controlled laboratory research design . multiple analysis variance manova results interactivity enhanced gain user learning , participants attitude . study support hypothesized moderating effects styles kolbs style inventory scale relationship interactivity user outcomes . results study important implications education corporations training efforts investments . implications future research directions_1655
impact user satisfaction trust virtual team members . pressured fast response times , mass customization , globalization , organizations flexible organizational forms , virtual teams . virtual teams cooperative relationships information technology limitations time location . virtual teams members information technology trust coworkers . study impacts reliance information technology study user satisfaction job satisfaction virtual team members . study findings user satisfaction trust job satisfaction virtual teams , system significant role . findings organizations benefits flexible , virtual teams level trust colleagues , users satisfaction information technology virtual teams_1656
myths rewards : exploratory study attitudes . knowledge ceo managers importance knowledge sharing employees eager knowledge management paradigm organizations . determinants individuals knowledge sharing behavior . purpose study understanding factors individuals knowledge sharing behavior organizational context . research model constructs social exchange theory , self-efficacy , theory action . research results field survey employees large , public organizations expected associations contribution major determinants individuals attitude knowledge . rewards , important motivating factor knowledge sharing , attitude knowledge . , positive attitude knowledge sharing positive intention knowledge , , actual knowledge_1657
chaos theory framework information systems . paper chaos theory means information systems . chaos theory , techniques patterns complex quantitative qualitative evidence , substantive approach nature information systems variety contexts . paper chaos theory concepts illustrative research design_1658
mobile commerce : vision reality . editorial preface current developments mobile commerce m-commerce integrated architecture business consumer optimal m-commerce business processes . key line thought heuristic observation customers m-commerce offerings mobile telephones . result , pull push approach requirement m-commerce . addition , m-commerce local , regional , demographic variables effective . observations m-commerce architecture coherent integration enterprise-level systems aggregation product service offerings parties collaborative m-commerce platform . key software component integrated architecture event management engine , , store , process measure information events relevant participants m-commerce_1659
semantic web : taxonomies ontologies . vision www semantic web web-based services products . setting software agents everyday jobs end-users . hierarchies , metadata , structured vocabularies , semantic web basic internet functions_166
regularized conjugate gradient method symmetric positive definite system . linear equations class regularized conjugate gradient methods large sparse system linear equations coefficient matrix ill-conditioned symmetric positive definite matrix . convergence properties methods depth , choices parameters methods detail . numerical computations methods efficient robust classical relaxation methods classical conjugate direction methods_1660
road perpetual progress retail inventory management . annual revenues years , stores , dollar general fast track . , road riches road ruin retailer control inventory management_1661
technology aids growth . ip-based applications terrestrial technologies frame relay , dsl plain telephone service pots scalability , flexibility high bandwidth applications , technologies . option tradeoffs . , case , retailers nationwide chains multiple last-mile service providers service installation network maintenance . , retailers two-way satellite networking technology vsat technology choice always-on , nationwide , high-speed connectivity end-to-end network ownership favorable economics . enterprises vsat platforms ip web-based applications , mission-critical , front-office functions credit authorization point-of-sale_1663
disappointment retail . cpfr forefront cios minds , number barriers , secretive corporate cultures spotty data integrity , retail organizations true supply-chain collaboration . cios vexed obstacles , roundtable discussion retail consumer-goods leaders retail systems conference , chicago consultancy moonwatch media . , newton upper , mass . annoyances retail cios business processes retails poor image talent school job market_1664
airlines airports schedule perturbations : survey . explosive growth air traffic widespread adoption operations research techniques airline scheduling rise tight flight schedules major airports . undesirable consequence minor incident delay arrival small number flights chain reaction events flights airports , disruption system . paper reviews recent literature area recovery schedule disruptions . disturbances airport , effects runways fixes . papers recovery airline schedule perturbations , adjustments flight schedules , aircraft , crew . mathematical programming techniques ground holding detail . review suggestions singular perturbation theory role disruptions sensitive schedules civil aviation industry_1665
airline base schedule optimisation flight network annealing . system rigorous airline base schedule optimisation . architecture system underlying problem structure . architecture hierarchical master problem logical aircraft schedule optimisation sub-problem schedule evaluation . sub-problem number component sub-problems connection generation , passenger choice modelling , passenger traffic allocation simulation revenue cost determination . schedule optimisation means annealing flight networks . operators annealing process feasibility complete set operators_1666
constraint programming linear programming bus . driver scheduling details successful application column generation algorithm constraint programming linear programming . past , constraint programming linear programming technologies similar types problems . technologies strengths weaknesses . paper technologies strengths technologies . details real-world application bus driver duties . system ilog major software house japan ilog-solver ilog-cplex , constraint programming linear programming libraries_1667
elastic constraint branching , wedelin carmen lagrangian heuristic . integer programming personnel wedelin algorithm lagrangian heuristic carmen systems large crew pairing problems airline industry . wedelin approach implementation personnel scheduling problems staff rostering problems special structure problems . elastic constraint branching twin aims performance approach column generation friendly . numerical results approach commercial solver cplex difficult commercial rostering problems_1668
supply chain optimisation paper industry . formulation development supply-chain optimisation model fletcher challenge paper australasia fcpa . model , paper industry optimisation tool pivot , large mixed integer program optimal allocation supplier mill , product paper machine , paper machine customer , time supply chain details nuances peculiar . pivot fcpa number strategic tactical decision problems , significant economic benefits company_1669
business school research : gap producers consumers . great deal discussion unbridgeable gap research business school professors business people , , . , gap model . sample groups people , business school academics professors , deans business schools , executive students recent graduates , senior business executives . group rates potential properties exemplary research . differences , , between-group differences . commentary results results aforementioned suggestions gap_167
integrated optimization model train crew management . train crew management development duty timetable drivers crew train timetable rail transport organization . duty timetable period , roster planning horizon . train crew management planning stage , total number crew crew distributions , operating stage number crew depot input data . paper , train crew management planning stage . literature , train crew management stages : crew scheduling crew rostering . integrated optimization model crew scheduling crew rostering . model cyclic rosters non-cyclic rosters . numerical experiments data sets practical application_1670
cane railway scheduling constraint logic programming : labelling order . constraints real-life application australia , cane transport largest unit cost manufacturing raw sugar , total manufacturing costs . efficient schedules cane significant cost savings . paper presents study constraint logic programming clp cane transport scheduling problem . heuristic labelling order constraints strategies encouraging results application test problems real-life case . preliminary results clp effective tool cane transport scheduling problem , potential decrease development costs scheduling system . efficient tool rescheduling tasks cane transport system_1671
issues call centre staffing levels . problem police communication centre auckland , zealand , setting staffing levels call centre priority customers . choice level time period , monday arrival rate information . method rate based data , lead errors estimates level . identify , NA_1672
mission regional surveillance . regional surveillance problem flight route aircraft geographical region . aerial surveillance synthetic aperture radar device aircraft complete , high-resolution image region . models optimised flight route , integer programming , genetic algorithms . comparison solution optimality terms total distance , model efficiency techniques terms cpu times , order conditions model_1673
column generation delivery planning time inhomogeneous . service providers service interval constraints problem delivery planning multiple time periods . deliveries customers demand time period . demand time period combination inhomogeneous service providers . service provider delivery capacity , cost delivery customer , utilisation requirement , rules spread deliveries time . problem deliveries costs , subject service rules . natural integer programming model intractable , problems loose demand constraints , gaps feasible solution , average test data . problem loosest demand constraints , cplex formulation optimal solution memory . column generation approach lower , average , cases optimal solution root node , branching_1674
operations research approach problem sugar cane selection . selection superior clones important aspect sugar cane improvement programs , long expensive process . studies components selection , system approach process . study problem integrated system , parameter state system . computer stochastic simulation model selection . paper simulation model , accuracy combination dynamic programming branch model selection system , application techniques . model region sugar cane breeding programs crops_1675
optimization approach train operator scheduling problem . singapore mrt mass rapid transit smrt train lines kilometers track stations . total trains operation peak hours off-peak hours . optimization approach computerized train-operator system smrt . approach bipartite matching algorithm generation night duties tabu search algorithm generation day duties . system train-operator scheduling process smrt favorable schedules comparison manual process . multiple objectives inherent crew scheduling system . system wide crew-related costs , system concern respect number split duties_1676
minimised geometric buchberger algorithm integer programming . , algebraic integer programming ip solvers theory grobner bases . main difficulty solvers size grobner bases . algorithms , large grobner bases additional variables generic ip problem ip , . improvements hosten sturmfels method grin additional variables thomas grobner basis method grobner basis specific ip problem ip , generalisation ipa , . paper algebraic algorithm ip problems . algorithm , minimised geometric buchberger algorithm , hosten sturmfels grin grobner basis method fundamental segments ip problem ip , original space truncated grobner basis specific ip problem ip , . experiments algorithm geometric buchberger algorithm , truncated geometric buchberger algorithm algorithm grin . experiments algorithm significant performance improvement_1677
interior point schemes multistage convex programming . predictor-corrector interior-point path-following algorithm multistage convex programming problems . general good features algorithm , attractive algorithm possibility major computations . dynamic structure multistage problems block-tridiagonal system newton step algorithm . wrap-around permutation parallel computation step_1678
project time dependent costs-a branch algorithm . project network , execution activity normal duration utilization resources . faster execution activity additional resources extra cost . project network , cost structure activity planning horizon , project compression problem determination optimal schedule activity satisfying restrictions total cost project execution . paper project compression problem time dependent cost structure activity . planning horizon regular time intervals cost structure activity . cost structure activities time interval . objective optimal project schedule total project cost . mathematical model problem , heuristics exact branch algorithm . problems insight computational performances heuristics branch algorithm_1679
clients engagement success . customization erp systems customization crucial , lengthy , costly aspect successful implementation erp systems , , , major specialty vendors companies . study companies clients perception engagement success client trust responsive dependable customization . survey data erp customization clients , , clients trust perception engagement success company . data clients trust customization company company accordance client expectations responsive , company manner expectations dependable . responses open-ended question addendum survey importance responsiveness dependability . implications customization companies research trust_168
weighted number early tardy jobs common due window . location penalty studies single machine scheduling problem weighted number early tardy jobs common due window . non-preemptive jobs . job early tardy penalty early tardy respect common due window schedule . window size parameter window location decision variable . objective problem schedule minimizes weighted number early tardy jobs location penalty . problem np-complete ordinary sense dynamic programming pseudo-polynomial algorithm . computational experiments , results performance dynamic algorithm good terms memory requirement cpu time . polynomial time algorithms special cases_1680
facility network design . facility commodity network design problem ofoc nonnegative flow costs problem units flow source destination arc capacity batches units . facility problem tfoc similar , capacity batches units unit . flow costs . problems np-hard . exact problems bipartite matching algorithm . lower omega earlier omega 2k algorithm literature min , . matching algorithm faster . , reformulation problem quasi integral . property version simplex method problem sequence pivots integer extreme solutions , integral simplex method literature_1681
data mining efforts business productivity efficiency . acquisition information key part business money . data mining technologies greater insight information . , expert field data mining technologies , shares expertise interview_1682
potential videoconferencing . paper , number case studies , videoconferencing user-friendly , cost-effective , time-effective life-enhancing people ages abilities creative imaginative approach potential . benefits , , education sector . examples simple storytelling , international experts , professional development distance learning variety forms , videoconferencing virtual meetings sessions . cases , extracts reactions responses participants impact medium_1683
e-learning college campus : hindrance students . objectives : case study world wide web , email , email attachment , online difficult . , identical courses , online traditional . students identical material . anonymous feedback ,_1684
web technologies construction project management : . critical success failure factors ? concept world wide web www technologies construction projects practitioners construction industry . concept web-based project management system wpms . , construction project documentation control , construction project teams process project information . wpms electronic project-management system internet . system centralized , accessible , reliable means project information . project information server standard web browser gateway information , geographic hardware platforms boundary_1685
internet infrastructure information society : appraisal . internet backbone industry paper real constraints expansion encumbering pervasive information technology contemporary society . . . internet infrastructure . . technology world internet age . context , paper state . . internet backbone information society future massive data transmission_1686
take-off hummingbird enterprise . recent gartner report wave vendors early convergence smart enterprise suite market . hummingbirds director northern europe_1687
business budget . multi-channel content delivery model mccd concept , traditional methods business communications , print content delivery , atkinson , cto , formscape_1688
mrp job shop environment resource project scheduling . model difficult tasks job shop environment schedule capacity ongoing basis . mrp systems scheduling , inability capacity constraints severe drawback . study , material requirements job shop environment resource project model . model augments models capacity constraints variable lead time lengths . efficacy approach mrp systems inventory costs resource allocation solutions model traditional mrp model . general , proposed model improved schedules considerable reductions inventory carrying costs_169
image test accreditation . imaging qualifications , hot heels microsoft , cisco , usa . dave tyler cdia qualification exam choice dm industry_1692
healthy , wealthy wise ? health sector document management . nhs spending pounds . pounds . , , spending pounds . 6bn . david tyler health sector , document management , service cut costs_1693
product development : 3d computer model stability . rocket tm three-dimensional 3d lumped-parameter model powered wheelchair development rocket prototype wheelchair effect innovative design features stability . model simulation software , model . accuracy model static stability angles dynamic behavior -cm road curb heading degrees performance actual wheelchair . models predictions static stability angles forward , , lateral directions , , measured values , . average absolute error position wheelchair curb cm . accuracy inability soft bodies , inherent difficulties indeterminate system , computing time . , effect design alterations lateral stability wheelchair . stability static lateral stability angles maximum height road curb wheelchair diagonal heading . model stability dependent configuration suspension system dimensions weight distribution wheelchair . , situations design alterations , improvements static stability improvements dynamic stability_1694
medical image computing institute mathematics computer science . medicine , university hospital hamburg-eppendorf author history medical image computing institute , achievements , difficulties , conclusions interest people field . origin history section chronology work , milestones past decades . accordance authors groups , paper pictures , , , historical_1695
comments frequency decomposition computing ultrasound medical images . wavelet packets paper , errors discrepancies subject paper cincotti al . highlighted . comment , axial resolution processing procedure_1696
exact frequency-domain reconstruction tomography . ii . cylindrical geometry pt . ibid . , vol . , . , . - . microwave-induced thermoacoustic tomography tat cylindrical configuration image biological tissue . thermoacoustic signals flat ultrasonic transducer . expansion spherical wave cylindrical coordinates , fourier hankel transforms exact frequency-domain reconstruction method . effect discrete spatial sampling image quality . aliasing-proof reconstruction method . numerical experimental results_1697
exact frequency-domain reconstruction tomography . . planar . geometry exact fourier-domain reconstruction algorithm tomography planar configuration thermal confinement constant acoustic speed . effects finite size detector finite length excitation pulse reconstruction algorithm . algorithm . blurring finite size detector surface primary factor resolution deconvolution_1698
time-domain reconstruction tomography spherical . geometry reconstruction-based microwave-induced thermoacoustic tomography spherical configuration . thermoacoustic waves biological tissue samples microwave pulses wide-band unfocused ultrasonic transducer , spherical surface sample . sufficient data directions microwave absorption distribution . exact reconstruction solution backprojection algorithm . experiments reconstructed images original samples . spatial resolution system_1699
fault diagnosis fault tolerant control linear stochastic systems . unknown inputs paper integrated robust fault detection isolation fdi fault tolerant control ftc scheme fault actuators sensors linear stochastic systems unknown inputs disturbances . usual kind works , single fault time fault random bias type . fdi module banks robust two-stage kalman filters , state fault bias , residual sets unknown disturbances . elements residual sets hypothesis statistical test , fault prepared decision logic . ftc module fault indicator , additive compensation signal fault bias estimate nominal control law faults effect system . simulation results simplified longitudinal flight control system parameter variations , process measurement noises effectiveness approach_17
impact product mix flexibility . product-mix flexibility major types flexibility , ability broad range products variants low changeover costs . capability important industrial firm order flexibility level excess market requirements costly . option-pricing theory impact product-mix issues flexibility . real options model multiple products , capacity constraints set-up costs . issues number products , demand variability , correlation products , relative demand distribution product mix . , nature input data effect flexibility . impact capacity levels . results flexibility increases number products , ii decreases volatility product demand , iii demand , iv marginal capacity levels capacity . , impact correlated demand major issue . , joint impact number products demand correlation non-intuitive results_170
computation unmeasured third-generation vct views measured views . unmeasured cone-beam projections projections third-generation helical volumetric tomography system characteristic problem ultrahyperbolic differential equation john . fourier domain , second-order pde family first-order ordinary differential equations . simple first-order integration odes_1700
estimation -d left ventricular deformation medical images . biomechanical models quantitative estimation regional cardiac deformation three-dimensional -d image sequences important clinical implications assessment viability heart wall . generic methodology soft tissue deformation information biomechanical models , problem cardiac deformation estimation . method image modality independent . images initial correspondence shape-tracking approach . dense motion field transversely isotropic , linear-elastic model , muscle fiber directions left ventricle . dense motion field turn deformation heart wall terms strain cardiac specific directions . strains approach open-chest dogs coronary occlusion , high correlation strains animals implanted markers . , good agreement results literature . proposed method quantitative regional -d estimates heart deformation_1701
reconstruction time-varying left-ventricular shape multiview x-ray . cineangiocardiograms paper reports clinical application system time-varying three-dimensional -d left-ventricular lv shape multiview x-ray cineangiocardiograms . x-ray cineangiocardiography clinical cardiology computational costs -d recovery visualization , meaningful applicable system -d lv shape recovery x-ray cineangiocardiograms . system closed-surface method shape recovery two-dimensional occluding contours multiple views . method real lv cineangiocardiograms , user-interactive systems , detection lv contours , calibration imaging geometry , setting lv model system . results real lv angiographic image sequences , multiple views supplementary angiography views . -d reconstructions numbers views terms contours experienced radiologist . performance preprocesses , effects variations user-specified parameters final -d reconstruction results small . experimental results potential usefulness multiple views -d recovery real lv cineangiocardiograms_1702
statistical analysis near-infrared tomographic . images . ii . experimental interpretation pt . ibid . , vol . , . , . - . image error analysis diffuse near-infrared tomography nir system data statistical approach pt . paper pogue al . , . methodology experimental data phantoms prototype imaging system characterizing breast tissue . results imaging performance random measurement error , calibration issues . image error entire field view accurate homogeneous estimate phantom properties ; , local image error target region interest roi . image reconstruction process levenberg-marquardt style regularization good minimization objective function , reduction image error decrease . minimization bias roi optical properties iterations algorithm . precalibration algorithm statistical evaluation phantom studies measure image accuracy minimization standard objective function_1703
statistical analysis near-infrared tomographic . images . . theory simulations near-infrared nir diffuse tomography method interior tissues concentrations hemoglobin exogenous chromophores vivo . optical diffusion model-based image reconstruction algorithm spatial property values measurements light flux surface tissue . study , mean-squared error mse image methods ill-posed inverse image reconstruction problem nir tomography . estimates image bias image standard deviation reconstructions test image noise light flux measurements . bias error high regularization parameter values variance algorithm optimal solution . optimum minimum projection error solution , iteration decreasing regularization parameter lowest image error . measurement noise minimum regularization parameter higher values order minimum image mse_1704
visual search knowledge gathering image decision support . paper method knowledge gathering decision support image understanding information dynamics saccadic eye movements . framework construction generic image feature extraction library , feature extractors relevant visual assessment domain experts factor analysis . dynamics visual search markov model training information novices image features . validity framework clinical scenario pulmonary vascular distribution computed tomography images experienced radiologists potential indicator heart failure . performance system novices visual assessment behavior experienced observers . cases , accuracy students random decision accuracies_1705
quantitative analysis reconstructed -d coronary arterial tree . intracoronary devices traditional quantitative coronary angiography two-dimensional -d projection views . views angiographer vessel overlap foreshortening . -d projection views nonstandardized fashion , , error qca process . , coronary arteries curvilinear shape cyclical deformation due attachment myocardium . , three-dimensional -d information dynamic curvilinear nature human coronary artery . patient-specific -d coronary reconstruction algorithm routine angiographic images , technique : curvilinear nature -d coronary arteries intracoronary devices ; magnitude arterial deformation intracoronary devices due heart motion ; optimal view respect pathway intracoronary devices_1706
tactical airborne reconnaissance dual-band . multispectral imaging technologies persistent battlefield . highlight battlefield . , fuel status aircraft runway . daytime , visible-spectrum image aircraft information external details , planes markings paint scheme . dual-band camera precision image registration fusion information images_1707
study hospitality tourism information technology education . industrial applications purpose study subject relevance information technology hospitality tourism management programs skills workplace . study graduates transition education employment , hospitality tourism industry . graduates mail survey . graduates importance skills workplace , level hotel tourism management programs , self-competence level . study gap skills work university_1708
development computer-mediated teaching resources tourism distance . education : university otago model article qualitative account development computer-mediated tourism distance resources . distance model centre tourism , university otago zealand . article development internet-based learning resource design development programme links study information students paper links material features . design material emphasis consistency presentation papers . template material article overview important design considerations_1709
education , training development policies practices medium-sized . companies uk : firm performance ? paper relationship training firm performance middle-sized uk companies . evidence high performance work practices performance large companies , relationship present middle-sized companies . papers key contribution wider concept education , training development etd applicable companies . clusters etd variables middle-sized company performance_171
hbp : multimedia package hotel budget planning . paper , learning package , hbp , interactive online environment novices hotel budget planning , . design philosophy special focus multimedia internet . literatures , packages effective teaching material . researchers students self-paced learning package score higher traditional classroom setting . , package scenarios students practical environment cost effective systematic lectures . , learning packages hotel education multimedia internet access . paper learning package gaps . hbp participants operational budgets areas sales levels , payroll , inventory level , promotion strategies , facilities planning , . , students novices skills comprehensive case hypothetical hotel . managerial problems combination budgetary planning human resources , staff training programmes , facilities maintenance replacement , promotion schemes . analytical tools students novices decision resources_1710
cd-rom teaching tool food beverage . management : case study hospitality education food beverage management traditional core hospitality education , laboratory manifestation , pressure recent years . area , , greatest challenges adaptation contemporary learning technologies , time , potential web . paper design development cd-rom resource food beverage . learning resource conventional classroom laboratory learning methods , , decline resource base food beverage education recent years . paper illustrative material cd-rom teaching_1711
counterevidence applications accountable certificate . management paper method accountability certificate management intractable certification authority contradictory statements validity certificate . core method primitive , undeniable attester , set bitstrings short digest attestations member . attestation authenticated digest verification algorithm triple bitstring , attestation digest . important feature primitive intractability contradictory proofs candidate element . efficient construction undeniable attesters authenticated search trees . construction sets structured elements . undeniable attesters collision-resistant hash functions_1712
uniform framework service access information release . web widespread internet-based services amount information user profiles clients . information demand regulating access services , convenient , service customization , privacy-related concerns , , users disposition network services . time , servers service access details access control policy . pressing privacy-aware techniques access services open network . approach regulating service access information disclosure web . approach uniform formal framework service access information disclosure constraints . means parties requirements private information communicated requirements correct respect constraints_1713
hordes : multicast protocol anonymity . widespread acceptance internet public medium communication information retrieval , concern personal privacy users network entities . technical solution privacy anonymity . protocol initiator anonymity hordes , mechanisms similar previous protocols data , protocol multicast routing data . results shorter transmission latencies work protocol participants , terms messages . comparison security anonymity hordes previous protocols , quantitative definition anonymity unlinkability . analysis hordes anonymity degree similar crowds onion routing , hordes numerous performance advantages_1714
information-processing systems thermal power stations china . development commissioning information-processing systems power units , mw capacity thermal power stations tszisyan imin china , . functional structure characteristics functions ipcss information technology development experience adjustments . ways experience comprehensive functional firmware system_1715
vibration reliability poppet actuator valves . problem shape actuator valve final control valve ; solution problem appreciable dynamic loads elements steam distribution system steam turbines operating conditions_1716
market trends predictive segmentation health care . technology technological advances part healthcare , advances treatment machinery materials attention . , technology gains scenes operations . glamorous powerful technological advances today predictive segmentation , phrase individuals market health status health . sophisticated databases , data mining , neural networks statistical capabilities development predictive segmentation techniques . predictive models healthcare services ill . significant departure geographical attitudinal segmentation methods strategists past understanding customers_1717
ups network management tool . uninterrupted power supplies ups , battery backup systems , , important , function-continual battery support connected equipment event power failure . , yesterdays battery box sophisticated network power management tool problems healthy network . breed ups system features automatic voltage regulation , generous runtimes unattended system shutdown , monitors critical services systems_1719
vmebus interface multi-detector trigger control system . muse multiplicity selector trigger control system chimera , pi particle detector . initialization muse vmebus . paper design vmebus interface functional module muse , briefly discusses application muse_172
dueling platforms network servers . large hospitals healthcare systems reliability mainframe architecture , budgets , advances client server technology , office clinical applications mainframes . evanston northwestern healthcare ready rid ibm os mainframe . number clinical applications brand ibm servers , northwestern healthcare favored hospital billing system organizations mainframe ,_1721
positive productivity , billing health care . workflow software communication solution hospital specialists , unexpected financial boost_1723
combination health care . years , institute medicine iom medical errors result , deaths year-more deaths highway accidents , breast cancer aids . report , errors high , , wake-up call healthcare providers caregroup healthcare system . , boston-area healthcare network largest integrated delivery system northeastern states . annual revenues . , caregroup primary care specialty services , , patients . caregroup wireless technology web provider order entry poe system frequency costly medical mistakes . poe infrastructure intersystems corporations cache database , computer c600 laptops cisco systems wireless networks_1724
cord health care . healthcare executives cord existing computer systems mobile technology . allure information , , cell phones personal digital assistants pdas professionals . utility convenience devices undeniable . strategy mobile solution healthcare enterprise , large small-and circumstances ? types healthcare workers mobile technology ? state-of-the-art security wireless applications devices ? questions healthcare executives mobile solutions_1725
two-layer model formation states hidden markov chains . procedures formation states hidden markov models . formant amplitudes frequencies state features . training strategy parameters conditional probabilities generation formant hidden state maximum likelihood method_1726
linguistic knowledge technologies . modern language studies variety forms , ways , methods development . connection , problem development internal differentiation classification , formation specific areas knowledge . area speechology-a field science fundamental , theoretical ,_1727
characterization generalized pareto distributions progressive censoring . schemes goodness-of-fit tests paper characterization property generalized pareto distributions , ordinary order statistics , arbitrary schemes progressive type-ii order statistics . goodness-of-fit tests generalized pareto distributions progressively data statistics_1728
e-commerce . e-commerce web type information system . surprising attention maintenance systems-and future maintenance mind . ways e-commerce systems future maintenance_1729
stock market trading rule discovery technical charting heuristics . case study knowledge engineering data mining , recognizer variations bull flag technical charting heuristic recognizer trading rules nyse composite index . out-of-sample results rules effective_173
meeting minds . technical specialists role end-users participants team members . important trade-offs , rationale , requirements , impact decisions stakeholders_1730
road , jack . freelance potential higher earnings , variety independence benefits permanent employment long distance travel periods work . author benefits drawbacks contractor_1731
community spirit . companies volunteers , resources charities local groups real difference communities businesses . coalition industry bodies awareness options community involvement , business case , publicise examples practice . bcs , intellect merger computing services software association federation electronics industry worshipful company information technologists plan advisory seminars guidelines companies sizes local communities specialist skills resources business benefits_1732
grid unlocks research . uk governments review office science technology pounds year e-science research development programme . programme bold vision : dynamic science . term e-science john taylor , director general research councils office science technology . areas science reliant ways collaborative , multidisciplinary , interorganisation working . e-science modes . major components programme : science , infrastructure science . infrastructure grid . choice resonates idea future resources storage , expensive scientific facilities software , demand , electricity . open source prototypes middleware development part e-science programme international efforts_1733
electronic auditing . study group issues auditors electronic information evidence impact audit_1734
mid-market accounting systems . fourth annual survey systems enterprise resource planning erp systems . september , financial distribution systems medium-sized businesses mid market products charts . year , products manufacturing products list_1735
accounting . business intelligence wireless networking service providers , landscape_1736
road recovery disaster planning . september innocence , corporations disaster planning business necessity_1737
nurture geek internet . chartered accountants , technology neat . top tech trends issues jobs . wealth technology systems client base employer , ongoing basis evolving technologies business strategies , threats opportunities . current technology online drumbeat . internet endless conversation millions voices , multitude topics issues . surprising great deal information technology , drumbeat ,_1738
application normal possibility decision rule . paper decision problems single common dimension , effective fuzzy decision rule . normality possibility distribution , possibility respective functions decision problems characteristics decisions , states nature , utility functions , . . approach cases statement problem refined distinctions bi-criterion bi-utility two-decision problem_1739
biogenes system knowledge-based bioprocess control . application knowledge-based control systems area biotechnological processes popular past decade . paper structure advanced knowledge-based part biogenes copyright control system control bioprocesses fed-batch saccharomyces cerevisiae cultivation . , overview tasks knowledge-based level process data classification , qualitative process state identification supervisory process control . procedures on-line identification metabolic states supervisory process control setpoint calculation control strategy selection detail . , performance system results number experimental cultivation laboratory unit_174
verification ideological classifications-a statistical approach . paper statistical method ideological classifications votes . parliamentary votes , expert subset , assumed significance level match actual vote results . classifications requirements . results ideological dimensioning algorithms , ideological identification dimensions_1740
top cycle uncovered solutions weak tournaments . axiomatic properties top cycle uncovered solutions weak tournaments . , connection rational choice theory_1741
sufficient condition optimality nondifferentiable invex programming . sufficient optimality condition nonlinear programming problem differentiability assumption data clarkes generalized gradient invexity_1742
adaptive stabilization undamped flexible structures . paper non-identifier-based adaptive stabilization undamped flexible structures case collocated input output operators . systems poles zeros imaginary axis . case velocity feedback , adaptive stabilizer adaptive pd-controller proportional derivative controller . case position feedback , adaptive stabilizer adaptive p-controller augmented system controlled system parallel compensator . numerical examples effectiveness controllers_1743
convergence tolands critical points sequences dc functions . application resolution semilinear elliptic problems sequence dc functions difference convex functions dc function critical point , sense , , , critical point , tolands sense . algorithm critical point order solution semilinear elliptic equation_1744
approximate relaxed descent method optimal control problems . optimal control problem systems ordinary differential equations control constraints . convexity assumptions data , problem relaxed form . state equation implicit trapezoidal scheme relaxed controls piecewise constant relaxed controls . combined descent discretization method sequences discrete relaxed controls discretization . adjoint discrete state equation , , iteration , approximate derivative cost functional continuous adjoint equation integral trapezoidal schemes . accumulation points sequences method strong relaxed conditions optimality continuous problem . , computed relaxed controls constant classical controls_1745
exact solution thermoelectroelastic behavior piezoelectric . laminates exact solutions static analysis thermoelectroelastic laminated plates . analysis , concise procedure analytical solution composite laminated plates piezoelectric layers . simple eigenvalue formula real number form basic piezoelectric differential equations difficulty imaginary eigenvalues . solution trigonometric series thin thick plates . numerical studies five-layer piezoelectric plate complexity loading . results benchmark numerical solution approximate approaches finite element method physical insight behavior piezoelectric plates thermal environment_1746
general constitutive description inelastic failure behavior . fibrous laminates . ii . laminate theory applications pt . ibid . , pp . - . papers constitutive description inelastic strength behavior laminated composites fiber preforms . constitutive relationship , layer-by-layer analysis . , properties constituent fiber matrix materials composites input data . previous part lamina theory . fundamental quantities laminae , internal constituent fiber matrix materials instantaneous compliance matrix , fiber preform , , fabric reinforcements virtue bridging micromechanics model . paper , laminate stress analysis . purpose analysis load lamina laminate , lamina theory . incorporation constitutive equations fem software package . number application examples efficiency constitutive theory . predictions : failure envelopes multidirectional laminates biaxial in-plane loads , cycling stress-strain curves titanium metal matrix composite laminate , s-n curves multilayer fabric laminates tensile fatigue , load-deflection plots ultimate strengths laminated fabric lateral loads_1747
general constitutive description inelastic failure behavior . fibrous laminates . . lamina theory structural design isotropic materials stress failure criterion . , , true laminated composites . laminate in-plane load , ultimate failure laminate correspond last-ply failure , stress failure criterion sufficient maximum load laminate . case , load lamina laminate lamina instantaneous stiffness matrix , lamina indeterminate laminate . , , laminate lateral load , ultimate failure last-ply failure stress failure criterion sufficient ; additional critical deflection curvature condition . development efficient constitutive relationship laminated composites order laminate strains deflections ultimate failure . general constitutive description thermomechanical response fibrous laminate ultimate failure applications fibrous laminates papers . constitutive relationship classical lamination theory micromechanics model , layer-by-layer analysis . paper lamina analysis_1748
aerostatic stability analysis cable-stayed bridges . finite-element method concept limit point instability , advanced nonlinear finite-element method aerostatic stability cable-stayed bridges . geometric nonlinearity components wind loads method . bridge santou bay bridge main span length china . aerostatic stability bridge linear methods . effect pitch moment coefficient aerostatic stability bridge . results aerostatic instability analyses cable-stayed bridges linear method wind-resisting capacity bridges . proposed method accurate efficient . pitch moment coefficient major effect aerostatic stability cable-stayed bridges . , aerostatic failure mechanism bridges aerostatic instability path_1749
diagnostic expert system non-monotonic reasoning . objective work expert system cucumber disorder diagnosis non-monotonic reasoning situation system conclusion . reason situation information incomplete . reason domain knowledge incomplete . reason information inconsistent . method truth system case piece information . method types non-monotonic reasoning : default reasoning reasoning presence inconsistent information goal_175
dynamic method weighted linear squares problems . method weighted linear squares problems full rank . theory liapunovs stability , method associates dynamic system weighted linear squares problem , solution interested a-stable numerical method . numerical tests method comparative current conventional techniques normal equations_1750
adaptive time step procedure parabolic problem blow-up . paper discrete approximation parabolic problem nonlinear boundary condition solutions blow finite time . standard linear elements mass lumping space variable . time discretization problem equivalent form time re-scaling , explicit runge-kutta methods equivalent problem . order procedure case simple ordinary differential equation show blow time case . sufficient conditions blowup numerical solution numerical blow-up time continuous . , explicit euler approximation , localization blow-up points numerical scheme_1751
non-nested multi-level solvers finite element discretisations mixed . problems general framework convergence multi-grid solvers element discretisations mixed problems , conforming nonconforming type . basic feature . approach finite element discretisations level multi-grid hierarchy . , multi-level approach , accurate higher order finite element discretisations fast multi-level solvers lower order finite element discretisations . design efficient multi-level solvers higher order finite element discretisations_1752
risk theory nonlinear dividend barrier . framework classical risk theory surplus process presence nonlinear dividend barrier derive equations characteristics process , probability survival sum dividend payments . number-theoretic solution techniques quantities numerical illustrations exponential claim parabolic dividend barrier_1753
coordination crisis management . communications crisis , internal external , tone response message recovery . authors system information coordination people message , organization control_1754
functions harmonic coefficients number fields . functions quadratic forms number field . functional equation theta functions specializations symplectic theta functions . differential operator functional equation , theta functions harmonic coefficients modular transformations_1755
diophantine equation . paper odd prime , mod , odd integer , multiple , , class number square root -q , diophantine equation families solutions , , , ,_1756
unimodular gaussian lattices rank . unimodular gaussian lattices rank , , unimodular integral lattices rank ring gaussian integers . equivalent classification automorphisms - automorphism groups niemeier lattices , unimodular real integral lattices rank . unimodular gaussian lattices rank equivalence_1757
hilbert modular threefolds arithmetic genus . . weisser galois cubic number fields hilbert modular threefolds arithmetic genus . paper , weissers cubic number fields . main result fields hilbert modular threefolds arithmetic genus . fields_1758
p-adic birch , swinnerton-dyer conjecture non-semistable reduction . paper , iwasawa theory elliptic curves additive reduction odd prime . perrin-rious theory nonsemistable representations , katos zeta-elements p-adic l-functions . cotorsion selmer group cyclotomic extension , inequality p-adic birch swinnerton-dyer conjecture primes square divides conductor_1759
knowledge model reuse : therapy decision specialisation generic . decision model definition therapy decision task heuristic multi-attribute hm method , form kads-style specification . goal therapy decision task ideal therapy , patient , accordance set objectives diverse nature global therapy-evaluation framework considerations patient preferences quality-of-life results . high-level overview task specialisation generic decision task , additional decomposition methods subtasks . subtasks reflective capabilities reasoning self-models , learning subtask , model effects therapies . work process reuse framework software development methodologies kads-commonkads order specialised generic components analysis libraries context . order reuse benefits , , therapy decision task hm method terms regular components earlier-mentioned libraries . importance rigorous approach modelling domain method ontologies , extensive semi-formal object-oriented analysis notation uml , constraint language ocl , ontology decision method specific therapy decision domain , refinement inheritance_176
dihedral congruence primes class fields real quadratic fields . real quadratic field dihedral congruence primes respect cusp forms weight quadratic nebentypus primes dividing expressions form epsilon k- or- fundamental unit . . class fields points abelian varieties NA_1760
superconvergence discontinuous galerkin method nonstationary hyperbolic . equation order nonstationary hyperbolic equation piecewise linear discontinuous galerkin , uniform rectangular partition , discontinuous solver , postprocessing , approximative order order higher optimal estimate . lesaint . raviart rectangular partition_1761
laguerre pseudospectral method nonlinear partial differential equations . laguerre gauss-radau interpolation . approximation results . , laguerre pseudospectral scheme bbm equation . stability convergence scheme . numerical results high accuracy approach_1762
numerical studies 2d free surface waves fixed bottom . motion surface waves effect bottom interesting challenging phenomenon nature . boundary integral method problem . linear analysis , linearized equations error increase compatible conditions . cancellation instable kelvin-helmholtz terms . effect bottom , existence equations hard , limitations true . limitations swing interfaces small , distance surface bottom large . order stability computation , compatible relationship . numerical examples , simulation waves waves . case shallow bottom , behavior waves singular_1763
two-scale curved element method elliptic problems small periodic . coefficients paper order elliptic problems small periodic coefficients domain curved boundary . two-scale curved element method couples linear elements isoparametric elements . error estimate smooth domain . additive schwarz method isoparametric element method_1764
scaling function . paper function , single interval band case interval band cases . relationship oversampling property weakly translation invariance . end , open problem_1765
note vector cascade algorithm . focus paper relationship accuracy multivariate refinable vector vector cascade algorithm . , vector cascade algorithm isotropic dilation vector-valued function regularity , initial function strang-fix conditions_1766
bivariate fractal interpolation functions rectangular domains . non-tensor product bivariate fractal interpolation functions gridded rectangular domains . linear spaces functions . relevant lagrange interpolation problem . negative result existence affine fractal interpolation functions domains_1767
isogenous elliptic curves rationals . elliptic curve pair , , smooth projective curve genus point , point infinity . elliptic curve weierstrass equation : xy . set rationals . coefficients , , , , , rationals . elliptic curve tors torsion group points . theorem mazur tors groups tors mz , mz , , , , ... , , , , , , . elliptic curve isogenous elliptic curve isogeny , morphism phi : phi , point infinity . explicit model elliptic curves tors form mz , , , mazurs theorem . , family elliptic curves , explicit model isogenous curves cyclic kernels rational points_1768
transformation rules strategies functional-logic programs . paper contents phd dissertation transformation rules strategies functional-logic programs . techniques fold unfold transformations functional-logic programs wide class applications . experimental results typical examples field artificial intelligence transformation system synth . thesis approach methods declarative languages features functional logic programming_1769
telecommunications details churn prediction : data mining . approach deregulation , technologies , competitors mobile telecommunications industry , churn prediction management great concern mobile service providers . mobile service provider wishing subscribers at-risk services subscribers focus customer retention efforts . response limitations churn-prediction systems unavailability customer demographics mobile telecommunications provider , , design , churn-prediction technique churning subscriber contractual information call pattern call details . technique capable potential churners contract level specific prediction time-period . addition , proposed technique multi-classifier class-combiner approach challenge skewed class distribution churners non-churners . empirical evaluation results call-behavior-based churn-prediction technique exhibits satisfactory predictive effectiveness recent call details churn prediction model construction . , technique satisfactory reasonable predictive power one-month interval model construction churn prediction . previous demographics-based churn-prediction system reference , lift factors proposed technique satisfactory_177
developments inductive learning . intelligent system , natural artificial , characteristics : knowledge , reasoning , learning . artificial intelligence studies aspects artificial systems . briefly , knowledge systems world model , reasoning manipulation knowledge . learning complex ; system world consequence knowledge . process self-building self-modifying learning . thesis field artificial intelligence learning . , inductive learning decision trees_1770
quadratic gauss sums finite commutative rings . article quadratic gauss sum finite commutative rings_1771
effects technology midcareer librarians . article technology competency requirements library profession . position advertisements american libraries five-year increments twenty-year period , article examines advertised qualifications positions attempts midcareer degree change mls curriculum technology-are effective librarians present future job market_1772
: means long-term career satisfaction . bardwicks presentation ala annual convention valuable sessions library conference , phenomenon strategies career personal life . key concepts solutions book literature plateauing examples incorporated life_1773
work journal librarianship . work journal thoughts feelings work challenges work decisions . greater fulfillment life self-renewal , change , search meaning , job satisfaction . work journal . issues potential interest midlife career librarians challenge technology , midlife family , education , professional writing , job exchange_1774
? : never-ending speed change technology . midlife essay personal reflection librarianship middle age time profession , society general , change . change due computers information technologies library setting . aids production , collection , storage , retrieval , dissemination collective information , knowledge , wisdom past contemporary world burden worldview , organization , flexibility workplace . writer library ways library service campus wider community . time , efforts_1775
job rotation academic library : ! . article job systematic movement employees job tools organizational development tool kit . consideration print internet literature subject discussion pros cons job rotation . application job rotation methods ryerson university library , small academic library , article order process insights_1776
midlife career choices : career choices ? . candy start libraries . libraries refuge change , dependable environment preservation . . technological decade experience mls . static refuge , libraries spaceships precious cargo unknown . historian author libraries . paper midlife decision point choice librarian point productivity interest challenge contribution . personal narrative midlife experience librarians point view . article , candys career . wings tm system , experiences vision library vendor , gaylord information systems , senior product strategist_1777
helin pilot scheme . health care libraries unit , facilitates , promotes personal development staff health libraries information network helin oxford deanery uk . development culture lifelong learning cpd organizational objectives , staff potential . major emphasis ways support individual learning workplace . group informal support networks order additional learning opportunities feasibility mentoring scheme . objectives pilot understanding knowledge tool cpd ; mentoring schemes applicability helin ; pilot scheme helin incorporating program accreditation mentors ; scheme results . order current practice area , literature review , colleagues interest knowledge schemes . absence appraisal tools , abstracts , articles criteria group review_1778
late circus : books midlife career management . midcareer librarians career management bookshelf thousands choices . article popular career self-help books . books aspects career management information goals , career change , career tune-up , personal professional self-evaluation . comments issues interest midcareer professionals_1779
parallelized indexing method large-scale case-based reasoning . case-based reasoning cbr problem methodology artificial intelligence . advantage situations methods cases suitable solutions problems . cbr similar prior cases good performance . past , researchers technologies problem . , performance similar cases number cases . paper , performance issue large-scale cbr parallelized indexing architecture similar cases large-scale cbr . algorithms architecture . experiments results efficiency method_178
public librarianship : depart time smooth flight . career change difficult , time-consuming , anxiety-laden process important decision . challenges librarians move academic public librarianship . outsiders , surface , quick easy transition , professional librarians distinct differences areas librarianship . ubiquitous nature technology work responsibilities academic public librarians decade , key differences job-related duties work environments . dissimilarities meaningful hurdles academic librarians public sector . paper variations academic public librarianship_1780
major leagues : career movement library archival . professions small college large university libraries issues career movement change library archival fields small colleges large universities . issues professional education training , initial career-planning placement , education , , job market conditions , work experience personal skills , professional involvement , professional association self-interest . examination observations : . easier , terms career transitions , librarian archivist archivist librarian ; . progression small college venue large research university manageable proper planning experience ; . career elements-professional education , career-planning , professional association self-interest-in moments foundation future consideration change institutional types professional areas worst moments midcareer professional terms change ; . elements scouting , education , work experience , professional involvement offer greatest assistance career transitions ; . job market wildcard stymies stimulates occupational development_1781
sabbatical leave means career . article librarians leaves professional growth renewal . framework successful leave , advice librarians concordia university montreal . food thought , article examples specific options professionals creative ideas . , central theme article midlife leave perfect opportunity stock order future career directions . midlife time rebel forces , feisty protestors , . time , words , professionals long loose stress , time barner , . current job constraints world creative endeavor , well-executed , superb means career gear fresh perspective profession . renewal , midcareer perfect time imagination free reign_1782
chief librarian : analysis transition stages academic . library leadership author four-part model transition cycles nicholson west chief librarian academic library . stages : preparation , encounter , adjustment , stabilization , micro- , mezzo- , , impact job incumbent . success stage_1783
cyberethics bibliography : select list recent works . annual bibliography update select list recent books conference proceedings . select list special issues journals periodicals . additional lists books articles , ibid . june , june_1784
effect male-oriented computer gaming culture careers . computer industry careers computer industry , evident conspicuous gender gap number male female employees . gap college level males females degree computer science . question research paper : males dominant computer matters ? author question computer game . computer games fun medium means individual computer literate engagement spatial learning cognitive processing abilities . games males , females distinct disadvantage . males computer literate playing computer games , easy lead-in advanced utilization computers programming . females due male stereotypes marketing games gender gap_1785
humane tool computer science advisors , computer science students , . parents past years , computer science department faculty baylor students freshman sophomore years substantial difficulty junior senior years study . baylor university institution caring students . objective study realities . objectives research . objective students , sophomore year , computer science majors . objective identification data seniors majoring computer science . objective information end sophomore year meeting computer science faculty advisor . regression study data students seniors , majoring computer science , grades freshman sophomore courses , grades junior senior level computer science courses . students performance data study sample_1786
theory information reversal . end industrial age advent information society model social economic organization , significant modern man work social environment . functional basis model effort theory violent reversal basic relationship man information , components creation electronic reality . objective theory reversal formulation definition consideration concept information society . order theory reversal , case study digital library_1787
web user fly . identity authentication systems procedures central issues practice study information systems development security . requirements web transaction security wts strong authentication user , non-repudiation encryption traffic . paper , effective mechanism channels , prime concerns security electronic commerce transactions ect . user authentication non-repudiation . product fillip transactions web , product non-internet transactions user authentication_1788
terrorist funding : mission ? banks . government grip terrorist money . banking industry patriot act compliance activities , realization great deal work american financial system airtight . identification instruments , drivers licenses , significant weak spot_1789
document-based workflow modeling : case-based reasoning approach . workflow model business process analysis . well-built workflow company internal processes overhead . results workflow modeling information assets systematic fashion . results quality modeling . , paper document-based workflow modeling mechanism , case-based reasoning cbr technique effective reuse design outputs . repository cbr process . real-life case usefulness approach_179
copyright electronic publishing . internet wide computers , electronic publishing indispensable measure knowledge skills . , copyright infringement electronic environment . , key factor copyright electronic publishing publication fields . paper analyzes importance copyright , main copyright infringement electronic publishing , presents viewpoints definition application fair work thinking means breach copyright_1790
pedagogy on-line learning : report university highlands . islands millennium institute authoritative sources computer-aided learning , resource-based learning on-line learning teaching , addition subject matter expertise technical support , quality learning materials learning experiences students dependent application sound theories principles design . university highlands islands project uhimi on-line learning large scale . developments comprehensive programme staff development . major emphasis programme developers tutors aware . paper on-line learning uhimi context ii theories principles design staff development programme iii review progress date_1791
database technology digital libraries . database technology advancements opportunities libraries . advancements world information accessibility . digital library projects worldwide , , end users efficiency convenience . resource sharing trend libraries . issues . issues database technology digital libraries . major challenges digital libraries managerial issues_1792
paradigm viral communication . iiw institute information management www . iiw . commercial applications digital technologies , internet , digital printing , . study institute , viral messages paradigm communication , area direct marketing , usa . viral messages principles : prospects customers idea technology platform possibility message majority persons ; emotional pecuniary incentive . , niches market vacua funny ideas ; , recipients emotional pecuniary incentives majority recipients snowball effect message ; customer ambassador piece information , instance product company . evident long lasting history word-of-mouth , bundles digital technologies viral communication paradigm_1793
well-posed anisotropic diffusion image denoising . nonlinear iterative filter second-order partial differential equation . image anisotropic diffusion process . approach smooth approximation total variation tv functional non-differentiability tv functional origin . , authors linear smoothing smooth areas selective smoothing candidate edges . smoothing parameter time step , cfl condition causality discrete scheme . adoption higher time discretisation steps , absence artefacts non-smooth behaviour tv functional origin . , approach typical staircase effects smooth areas standard time-marching tv scheme_1794
voice internet protocol technique hierarchical data security . protection authors voice internet protocol voip technique hierarchical data security protection hdsp scheme . hdsp scheme voice quality packet loss high data security . data inter-leaving inter-frame voice error recovery voices continuous packet loss , data encryption intra-frame voice high data security , random bit-string sequence chaotic system . performance hdsp scheme , approach software simulation statistical measures test voices_1795
taylor series two-dimensional digital differentiators . type taylor series -d finite difference approximation , coefficients approximations unique . explicit formulas sets coefficients arbitrary order , -d approximations . coefficients linear -d fir digital differentiators , formulas inaccuracy regions resultant frequency responses , close nyquist frequencies_1796
periodic monotonic activation functions multilayer feedforward . neural networks extended kalman filter authors convergence performance multilayer feedforward neural networks types neuronal activation functions problems . types activation functions network , , traditional sigmoid function , sinusoidal function periodic function combination functions . learning , network size , extended kalman filter ekf algorithm conjunct pruning method network . networks typical problems , , -point xor logic function , parity generation , handwritten digit recognition , linear function approximation sunspot series prediction . simulation results periodic activation functions monotonic multicluster classification problems . , periodic activation function fast convergence classification capabilities sinusoidal activation function robustness property sigmoid function modelling unknown systems_1797
robustness evaluation minimal rbf neural network . nonlinear-data-storage-channel equalisation authors performance-robustness evaluation minimal resource allocation network equalisation nonlinear magnetic recording channels disc storage systems . communication systems , equalisation signals channels difficult problem , data-dependent noise nonlinear distortions . nair moon maximum signal ratio msdr equaliser data storage channels , neural network , parameters neural network , exact knowledge channel model parameters . present paper , performance msdr equaliser mran equaliser magnetic recording channel model , conditions variations partial erasure , , width noise power , model mismatch . results study complex mran equaliser performance robustness msdr equaliser terms signal ratios sdrs_1798
steady-state mean-square error analysis cross-correlation constant . modulus algorithm mimo convolutive system cross-correlation constant modulus algorithm cc-cma effective approach problem joint blind equalisation source separation multi-input multi-output system . paper , steady-state mean-square error performance cc-cma noise-free environment , expression energy preservation approach mai . simulation studies analysis_1799
differential integral calculus discrete time series data . discontinuity crucial role natural evolutions . presentation , idea integration differentiation , calculus , study time series hope problem outliers discontinuities outliers discontinuities data analysis . general , appearances outliers existence discontinuities , explosive growth decline evolution . time , approach problem data values time series . end , real-life problems prediction order power approach_18
problems pda . tom berry pda , understanding risks benefits move_180
multi-output regression regularised orthogonal least-squares . paper data multi-output regression models . regularised orthogonal least-squares lrols algorithm sparse multi-output regression models . regressor regression model individual regularisation parameter , ability multi-output orthogonal least-squares ols model selection parsimonious model good generalisation performance_1800
load dispatching algorithm parallel web server nodes . load dispatching algorithm requests web server nodes . algorithm , load node request expected transfer time reply internet . loading information algorithm load node web site . algorithm , request service earliest time . performance comparison nasa clarknet access logs algorithm algorithms . results algorithm higher throughput random round-robin dispatching algorithms_1801
tcp congestion control scheme performance evaluation . self-tuning proportional derivative st-pd control congestion control scheme . scheme congestion control problem control-theoretical perspective important limitations tcp congestion control schemes , heuristic . scheme , pd controller buffer occupancy bottleneck node connection path ideal operating level , tcp window . control gains pd controller fuzzy logic controller bandwidth-delay product tcp connection . scheme st-pd advantages current tcp implementations . rapid response bandwidth variations , insensitivity sizes , significant improvement tcp throughput lossy links congestion control error control functions tcp_1802
linear complexity polyphase power residue sequences . family binary legendre quadratic residue sequences multiple-valued case polyphase representation . p-phase sequences , prime , prime length , index sequence length , , cosets pth power residues non-residues modulo-l . linear complexity polyphase sequences classes , initial digit sequence , set pth power residues . characteristic polynomials linear feedback shift registers sequences_1803
module placement boundary constraints -trees . module placement problem co-ordinates logic modules chip modules cost silicon area , interconnection length , . optimised . shorten connections inputs outputs modules adjacent , modules specific boundaries chip . boundary constraints , feasibility conditions -tree boundary constraints annealing-based algorithm -trees . previous work , algorithm feasible -tree boundary constraints perturbation . experimental results algorithm smaller silicon area recent work sequence pairs_1804
exact analytical model aep control signals . exact analytical model aliasing error probability aep signature analysis control signals signature analyser . signature analyser general-structure two-input compacting module ticm , motherboard vlsi design flexible geometry , structures . data probe ambiguity high-impedance state time signature binary stream . model effects ticm architecture , test pattern length , control stream error probabilities . hardware criterion aep internal external exclusive-or two-input shift registers valid general case criterion . results special cases , case study , simulation_1805
fast efficient algorithm multiplierless realisation linear dsp . fast algorithm pseudopolynomial run-time memory requirement worst case multiplierless architectures wordlengths constant multiplications linear dsp transforms . operators multiplierless architectures sufficient final chip area . major reduction , techniques resource folding . simple techniques results_1806
regional flux target minimum energy . extension gradient controllability problem case target subregion part boundary parabolic system domain . definition properties case . focus characterisation control regional boundary gradient target minimum energy . approach leads numerical algorithm computation optimal control . numerical illustrations efficiency approach lead conjectures_1807
nonlinearities narx polynomial models : representation estimation . nonlinearities narx polynomial models . general expressions gain eigenvalue functions terms regressors coefficients narx models . relationships grey-box identification problems . results simulated real data_1808
approach neural net-based infinity control design . approach adaptive neural net-based infinity control design class nonlinear uncertain systems . proposed framework , multilayer feedforward neural networks alternative approximate nonlinear system . neural networks linear differential inclusion model linear state feedback infinity control law . adaptive weight adjustment mechanism multilayer neural networks infinity regulation performance . control gain matrices standard linear matrix inequality problem recurrent neural network_1809
electromagnetics computations mpi parallel implementation . steepest descent multipole method computational solution large-scale linear systems equations fast algorithms parallelization techniques . objective work speedup mpi message passing interface implementation steepest descent multipole method sdfmm . algorithm optimized advantage structure physics scattering problems , opportunity calculation tasks components multiple processors . sdfmm bottlenecks sparse impedance matrix near-field method moments interactions mom , matrix vector multiplications sparse matrix field interactions fast multipole method . parallel implementation task thirty-one node intel pentium beowulf cluster -processor alpha workstation . beowulf cluster thirty-one nodes mhz intel pentium mb ram node mhz intel pentium ii memory processor gb ram nodes basetx ethernet network . alpha workstation maximum mhz processors . numerical results significant linear speedup sparse impedance matrix . -processors beowulf cluster lead speedup speedup -processors alpha workstation_181
input-output pole-placement controller class time-delay systems . controller structure valid siso plants internal external point delays . control signal input output plant signals . controller finite infinite spectrum assignment . important feature proposed controller class point-delayed signals . controller synthesis computational cost methods . plant control input input output plant signals , controller structure applicable adaptive case unknown plant parameters_1810
adaptive controller design robotic systems gaussian wavelet . networks adaptive tracking control design robotic systems gaussian wavelet networks . gaussian wavelet network accurate approximation capability approximate unknown dynamics robotic systems adaptive learning algorithm parameters dilation translation gaussian wavelet functions . finite number wavelet basis functions result inevitable approximation errors , robust control law stability closed-loop robotic system theory . , effectiveness gaussian wavelet network-based control approach comparative simulations six-link robot manipulator_1811
frequency response systems uncertain . parameters computation frequency response systems uncertain parameters one-dimensional edge plants image edge plant fixed frequency arc line segment complex plane . conclusion , computational formulas maximal minimal maxi-mini magnitudes phases edge plant fixed frequency . formulas , simpler form expression , extrema frequency response edge plant typical characteristics arc line segment centre , radius tangent points arc , distance origin line segment . direct application results bode- , nichols nyquist-plot collections systems robustness analysis design_1812
lmi approach digital redesign linear time-invariant systems . simple design methodology digital redesign static state feedback controllers linear matrix inequalities . proposed method states original continuous-time system digitally system stability . , digital redesign problem linear matrix inequalities numerical optimisation technique . main feature method closed-loop stability digitally system design procedure lmi-based approach . numerical position control simple crane system_1813
control integral processes dead-time . . quantitative analysis . part , ibid . , - , . control schemes integral processes dead time disturbance response . response subideal . , achievable specifications robust stability regions . control parameter compromise disturbance response robustness . specifications : maximum dynamic error , maximum decay rate , normalised control action approximate recovery time step-disturbance response . attempt normalised dynamic error impossible sufficient condition relative gain-uncertainty square root_1814
control integral processes dead-time . . disturbance observer-based . control scheme disturbance observer-based control scheme version dof internal model control effective integral processes dead time . controller ramp disturbances step disturbances arbitrary disturbances . plant model parameters . time constant set-point response time constant disturbance response . compromise disturbance response robustness . control scheme simple , clear , easy-to-design , easy-to-implement structure good performance . results simulation examples_1815
hamiltonian modelling nonlinear disturbance attenuation control tcsc . power system stability obstacle passivity-based control pbc power systems , affine non-linear system power systems standard hamiltonian system pre-feedback method . port hamiltonian dissipation pchd model thyristor serial compensator tcsc hamiltonian function . , hamiltonian function storage function , non-linear adaptive gain control method problem gain disturbance attenuation hamiltonian system parametric perturbations . , simulation results validity controller_1816
nonlinear adaptive control sliding-mode state perturbation observer . paper nonlinear adaptive controller nac single-input single-output feedback linearisable nonlinear systems . sliding-mode state perturbation observer system states perturbation effect system nonlinearities , uncertainties external disturbances . nac design details nonlinear system model full system states . adaptation capability system parameter uncertainties , unmodelled system dynamics external disturbances . convergence observer stability analysis controller observer system . proposed control scheme control synchronous generator , comparison state-feedback controller flc . simulation study single-generator infinite-bus power system performance controller observer system_1817
sliding-mode control scheme class continuous chemical reactors . synthesis robust control law regulation control class relative-degree-one nonlinear systems . control design sliding-mode uncertainty estimator , framework algebraic-differential concepts . closed-loop stability underlying closed-loop system techniques . robustness control scheme face noise measurements , model uncertainties disturbances . performance control law numerical simulations , proposed controller pi controller_1818
structural interpretation pole-zero discretisation . deals pole-zero discretisation , practice hand calculations digital redesign continuous-time systems transfer-function form . form inconvenient time-domain properties sampled-data loops design systems , state-space formulation . interpretation , pole-zero model identical hold-equivalent discrete-time model , generalised hold integral part , discretisation approaches . algorithm generalised hold function . hold-equivalent structure pole-zero model discrete-time system properties , controllability observability , preservation loss pole-zero discretisation . formulation , pole-zero , hold-equivalent , mapping models single schematic model_1819
phase transition parking blocks , brownian excursion coalescence . paper , linear probing hashing table places , items , m-n empty places . noncomputer science-minded reader , metaphore cars parking places : car place random , , , , empty place . pittel positive limit beta , size , largest block consecutive cars beta -log beta , log m- log xi , converges distribution . transition occurs , , . case reveals behavior , related additive coalescent components graph coalescent NA_182
, accurate stable simulation power electronic systems virtual . resistors capacitors simulation power electronic circuits problem due high level stiffness modelling switches biresistors low turn-on resistance high turn-off resistance . merits drawbacks modelling methods problem . modelling solution stable , accurate fast simulation power electronic systems . solution easy connectivity power electronic elements simulation model . modelling virtual capacitance nodes voltage discontinuity due switch current . undesirable ringing effects due interaction virtual capacitance circuit inductance virtual damping resistors parallel inductors adjacent elements . midpoint configuration method shunt capacitors . dc traction system modelling strategy results . simulation results modelling strategy comparison mesh analysis technique modelling . simulation performance power system blockset commercial software_1820
performance , design control series-parallel cl type resonant . dc dc converter three-element resonant network topological alternatives , , prospective compound topology , detail . converter capacitor inductors , compound type cl network . advantages limitations converter , design procedure converters . converter frequency pulse-width modulation . experimental prototype excellent performance lagging power-factor mode_1821
single-phase half-bridge converter topology power quality compensation . high power factor half-bridge rectifier neutral point scheme . power switches rectifier . pwm control schemes sinusoidal line current low current distortion . control signals power switches dc link voltage balance compensator , line current controller dc link voltage regulator . hysteresis current control scheme line current command . proposed control scheme circuit configuration active power filter harmonic currents reactive power nonlinear load . analytical experimental results validity effectiveness control scheme_1822
single-phase shunt active power filter harmonic detection . advanced active power filter compensation instantaneous harmonic current components nonlinear current loads . signal processing technique adaptive neural network algorithm detection harmonic components nonlinear current loads instantaneous harmonic components real time . validity active filtering processing system current harmonics simulation results_1823
parallel operation capacity-limited three-phase four-wire active power . filters three-phase four-wire active power filters apfs system capacity reliability . apf pwm four-leg voltage-source inverter . decoupling control approach leg neutral line switching legs interaction . functions apf compensation reactive power , harmonic current , unbalanced power zero-sequence current load . objective unity power factor , line current neutral-line current . compensation components capacity-limited , co-operating load current sensing scheme . multiple apfs load power control interconnection . addition theoretic bases detailed design apfs , kva apfs . effectiveness method experimental results_1824
fuzzy logic active power filter power quality improvement . simulation experimental study fuzzy logic , three-phase shunt active power filter power quality harmonics reactive power nonlinear load . advantage fuzzy control linguistic description mathematical model system . fuzzy control scheme inexpensive dedicated micro-controller intel system . compensation process line currents , approach conventional methods , harmonics reactive volt-ampere requirement load . performance fuzzy logic controller conventional pi controller . dynamic behavior fuzzy controller conventional pi controller . pwm pattern generation hysteresis current control switching signals . simulation experimental results steady state transient conditions_1825
modeling shape topology low-resolution density maps biological . macromolecules efficient geometry topology volumetric datasets biological structures medium low resolution , storing database framework . vector quantization algorithm points macromolecule approximate probability density function original volume data . connectivity points alpha shapes theory . data representation number interesting characteristics , segment number important structural features low-resolution maps , cavities channels , possibility large collections maps basis quantitative structural features ; compact representation terms size ; subset three-dimensional points densities medium resolution data ; general model geometry topology macromolecule opposite unrelated bunch voxels alpha shapes theory_1826
gossip synteny : incomplete gossip syntenic distance genomes . syntenic distance genomes minimum number fusions , fissions , translocations , order genes chromosomes . distance np-hard . present work , tight connection syntenic distance incomplete gossip problem , generalization classical gossip problem . problem , gossipers , unique piece initial information ; phone calls participants information . goal total number phone calls gossiper set relevant gossip . application connection syntenic distance incomplete gossip , syntenic distance genomes . algorithm log time distance , time previous exact algorithm_1827
structure quantified formulas . computational problem quantified formula variables sum terms . sum commutative monoid , quantifiers simple conditions , variables finite domain . problem generalization problem sum-of-products terms , sum . . stearns . . hunt . data structure structure tree displays information subproblems process formula . formulas good structure trees generic algorithms formulas time brute force evaluation . generic algorithm , algorithm uninterpreted function symbols , quantifier symbols , monoid operations . algebraic nature model formal treatment local reductions local replacement terms . local reductions formula structure sense structure trees nice properties structure trees similar properties . local reductions hierarchical problems structure problems similar structure_1828
approximation max-cut graphs degree . alpha approximation ratio max-cut problem general graphs . semidefinite relaxation max-cut problem , random hyperplane rounding technique . . goemans . . , local improvement step . graphs degree delta , algorithm approximation ratio alpha epsilon , epsilon constant delta . computer analysis , graphs maximal degree algorithm approximation ratio , -regular graphs approximation ratio . semidefinite relaxation max-cut goemans integrality gap , -regular graphs_1829
asymptotic analysis , , sort . , , sort usual random permutation model_183
approximation pathwidth outerplanar graphs . polynomial time algorithm pathwidth outerplanar graphs , large exponent algorithm impractical . paper , algorithm , outerplanar graph , path decomposition pathwidth pathwidth . result , relations pathwidth outerplanar graph dual_1830
radio networks . log upper time deterministic broadcasting multi-hop radio networks unknown topology . omega . fastest algorithm problem time . broadcasting algorithm , algorithm network model_1831
linear time algorithm regular boolean functions . positive monotone boolean function regular variables , , strength , nonzero component true vector true vector . paper problem positive function regular , min set minimal true vectors . simple linear time , min -time algorithm . previous algorithm . . provan . . ball min time . corollary , min -time algorithm recognition problem -monotonic functions_1832
british standard framework geocoding land property . information uk article role british standard development national framework geocoding land property information kingdom . author local authorities , agencies property address datasets , introduction british standard , prospects limitations development . british standard parts , specifications street gazetteer ; land property gazetteer ; addresses ; public rights . organisation introduction british standard , improvement development agency idea , development maintenance national land property gazetteer nlpg british standard . introduction standard britains effort national cadastral service obsolescent property registration system place_1833
formal model correctness cadastre . key issue cadastral systems maintenance correctness . correctness proper correspondence valid legal situation content cadastre . correspondence difficult , cadastre complete representation aspects legal situation reality . goal paper formal model representations cadastre reality simulation investigation cases correspondence . purpose model parts , part valid legal situation part cadastre . feasible differences reality cadastre . parts model discussion issues real-world cadastral systems incorrectness . order formal model , paper transfer ownership parcel persons minimal case study . foundation formalization modern version situation calculus . focus analysis cadastre preparation conceptual formalized model implementation prototype_1834
urban digital cadastre : analytical reconstruction parcel . boundaries method accurate , supportive efficient cadastral database urban cadastral reality . definition compilation accurate cadastral database standard deviation smaller analytical reconstruction cadastral boundaries conventional field reconstruction process . method gps control points traverse networks framework ; field books links original ground features ; geometrical cadastral adjustment process conceptual basis . pilot project order method_1835
parcel boundary identification computer-assisted boundary process . taiwan study design process parcel boundary identification cadastral map principle squares . objective research objective tool boundary identification survey . process adjustment model , scheme , related operations . numerical_1836
review methodologies research cadastral development . world-wide , attention cadastral development . consequence experiences recent decades , authors research domain cadastre methodologies . paper contributes acceptance research methodologies cadastral development , theory cadastral domain . paper reviews publications cadastre methodologies . review institutional , social , political economic aspects cadastral development , technical aspects . main conclusion methodologies social sciences . notion cadastre relates people institutions , , cadastral systems social , political economic conditions , technology . geodetic survey profession keeper cadastre , geodetic surveyors social science matters , fact universities_1837
development cadastral systems . paper merits evolution cadastral systems capability time , radical introduction overhaul cadastral systems . development capability key drivers major change . globalisation , advent cadastral environments , methods governance improved service delivery future cadastral systems wide range users . paper registration title government guarantee effective means cadastral systems competitive land markets countries . automated environments cadastral systems , cadastral systems basic cadastral principles responsiveness individual user . environment , cadastral operations administration light regulatory control future governance strategy . regard level services users , emphasis recognising future users essential . international national professional user organisations land administration important vehicle strategies evaluation over-arching development cadastral systems world_1838
dynamic aspect land administration : often-forgotten component . system design establishment land administration system challenge , task system date developments society challenging . initial adjudication cadastral mapping record land tenure moment , static situation . paper developments society respect tenure , land . developments dynamic component land administration . land administration systems society long-term basis long-term return investment , author account static dynamic component land administration systems_1839
minimum assignment . minimum k-assignment matrix minimum sum entries , row column . coppersmith sorkin entry exponential distribution , minimum k-assignment explicit formula , cases . paper efforts coppersmith-sorkin conjecture general situation entries ij distributions . , exponential distribution . explicit formula minimum k-assignment evidence formula_184
middleware . movement client-server computing multi-tier computing potpourri so-called middleware systems , application servers , workflow products , eai systems , etl systems federated data systems . explosion middleware myriad systems overlapping functionality . world considerable consolidation , ways . points article . bernstein_1840
xml typechecking problem . xml document type dtd xml schema type valid document . xml document valid validation problem , parser , parser , parsing , program module . practice , xml documents , program : xml documents program valid type typechecking problem . validation analyzes xml document , type checker analyzes program , problems difficulty function language program . xml typechecking problem xquery group techniques typechecking xquery . techniques , , limitations explored . xml typechecking problem , present current approaches typechecking , limitations_1841
role b2b engines b2b integration architectures . semantic b2b integration architectures enterprises standards-based b2b events purchase orders potential trading partner . back end application integration capabilities enterprise resource erp systems company-internal source destination b2b events , capability b2b protocol electronic data interchange edi , rosettanet generic capabilities web services ws . paper placement functionality b2b engines semantic b2b integration architectures generic framework modeling b2b protocol . detailed discussion b2b engine abstractions standard-based b2b protocol trading partner specific specialization_1842
supply chain infrastructures : system integration information sharing . supply chain integration sci methodologies consequence globalization production sales , advancement information technologies . paper , experience scis . integration architecture software components prototype implementation . variety information sharing methodologies . , framework multi-echelon supply chain process model multiple organizations , research benefits intraorganizational knowledge sharing , performance scalability_1843
multi-agent system infrastructure software component marketplace : . ontological perspective paper , multi-agent system architecture prototype software component marketplace . ontological perspective component marketplace , uml extensions ontology modeling , idea ontology transfer multi-agent system ontologies_1844
business data management business-to-business electronic commerce . business-to-business electronic commerce ec possibilities trade . , business partners globe , offers , complex negotiations , contract electronic marketplace . , sophisticated data management facilities . paper , results multi-national project business-to-business electronic marketplace small medium-sized enterprises . tools information discovery , protocol-based negotiations , contract enactment business data repository . repository heterogeneous business data business communication . specific problems multilingual nature , data ownership , traceability contracts related negotiations present approach efficient business data management b2b ec_1845
semantic b2b integration : issues ontology-based approaches . queries e-commerce transactions information multiple information resources . , users resources query . situations , ideal solution user details resources query . seamless access set heterogeneous electronic product catalogues . problems solution . paper , number problems , proof-of-concept demonstration system_1846
conceptual modeling specification generation b2b business processes . ebxml order dynamic setup business processes independent organizations , formal standard schema business processes . ebxml framework specification schema bpss business process specification schema standalone representations : uml version , xml version . , , direct creation business process specifications , specification elements relationships ebxml-compliant business process specification . reason , important conceptual modeling major concepts . paper b2b business processes uml-compliant diagrams . major challenge uml diagrams natural business process meta-model diagrams xml version . paper usefulness modeling business processes business process editor tool ebdesigner_1847
contracting days ebusiness . electronic business sound foundation-model technologically-is central challenge research commercial development . paper discovery negotiation phase agreement contract . methodology many-to-many relationship discovery phase one-to-one relationship contract negotiation phase . content contracts persistent contract templates means mereologic logic whole-part relation . sub-structures contract template basis negotiation dialogical . negotiation contract templates implications logical sequences topical_1848
active functionality service e-business applications . service architectures powerful approach fast evolution business rules software . active functionality service events business rules critical component service-based middleware architecture . paper active functionality service capable events heterogeneous environments , integral ontology-based approach semantic interpretation heterogeneous events data , notifications notification mechanism . power approach auction application personalization car driver portals internet-enabled vehicles_1849
property testers dense constraint satisfaction programs finite domains . np-hard languages subexponential time definition . rubinfeld sudan notion property testers , probabilistic algorithms , high probability , function property function property . goldreich , goldwasser , ron property testers constant query complexity dense instances large class graph problems . graph problems special cases constraint satisfaction problem boolean domains , natural property testers general cases constraint satisfaction problem . paper , explicit constructions property testers constant number queries dense instances constraint satisfaction problems constraints constant arity variables values domain finite size_185
n-tier hub technology . , enterprise engineering laboratory george mason university company ehub capability aerospace suppliers taiwan . laboratory environment , core technology , , , large first-tier aerospace supplier taiwan technology . project objective layered network application services xml-based business transaction multi-tier , heterogeneous data processing environments . paper documents business scenario , ehub application , network transport mechanisms n-tier hub . contrast ehubs , solution point view suppliers , data accordance supplier requirements ; , probability supplier adoption . unique contribution project development ehub small medium enterprises smes first-tier suppliers_1850
global user profiles authorities . personalization web site responsive unique individual user . personalization , interoperable user profiles authorized sites , profiles user interests . user profiles user click-stream data effective detailed dynamic user profiles . , user profile computer user browser , inaccessible user computer . hand , integration internet telecommunication networks users web variety mobile devices desktops . user profiles desktop mobile device internet users . paper , problems concept authority . user agent client side user click stream , navigational history file extensible markup language xml . log file user profiles resource description framework rdf . users privacy platform privacy preferences p3p standard . user profiles authority time user web_1851
design performance evaluation alternative xml storage strategies . paper studies strategies xml documents documents file system , relational database system , object manager . approach number xquery queries . number interesting insights experiments summary advantages disadvantages approaches_1852
cherylann silberer : process accounting technologist . silberers company , complete , specialty workflow process analysis_1853
software technology : quality accountants . software technology years experience legal business asset accounting market_1854
distribution software : roi king . middle-market accounting software vendors open road , souped-up distribution suites product warehouse floor customer site . integration efficiencies , cost savings_1855
tax forms : cd cd ? . move cd web unstoppable . thousands electronic tax forms , vendors documents web_1856
account aggregation : portfolios . cpa providers financial planning services clients unified view investments_1858
practice management remote accounting . lot life practice management software , valuable category subject change years . web-based time tracking popularity . cch prosystem fx practice , open solutions , creative solutions practice , time matters , visual practice management ,_1859
diameter long-range percolation graph . long-range percolation model : undirected graph node , , . . . , , edges , probability beta , probability , parameters beta , . model bounds diameter graph one-dimensional case values , cases , open . , high probability , diameter graph log log , , constants eta , eta , eta , , beta . simple proof diameter high probability , 2d , benjamini berger_186
art cross-sell accounting software . market accounting software saturation , vendors resellers subtleties cross-sell . rewards great . key , partner_1860
technology distance education : global perspective alternative delivery . mechanisms technology positive impact delivery mechanisms distance education university level . institutions incorporating distance education classroom . institutions delivery mechanisms , revised perspective education . institutions processes interacting students , learner approach delivery education . article impact technology delivery mechanisms distance education . framework , description alternative modes generic delivery mechanisms . institutions , delivery mechanism asynchronous mode , benefit technology . approach innovative technology distance education . approach student-oriented environment high levels interaction , factors student satisfaction educational experience_1861
global comparison stages growth critical success factors . globalization business , management international organizations complex task difference local international . study , , level maturity critical success factors geographic regions , , , australia zealand , america , europe , pacific , india . results significant differences management geographic regions , management operating regions multiple critical success factors optimal local-global mix business success_1862
information systems project failure : comparative study countries . organizations , size , , information system year . projects massive amounts resources , dollars , hundreds millions dollars . needless , investment time resources ventures significant concern chief information officers cios , executives staff members , project managers , leadership positions . paper results survey australia states factors project failure . findings , things , end user involvement executive management leadership key indicators influencing project failure_1863
cultural differences developers perceptions information systems success . factors : japan . states study perceptions information systems developers japan states strategies important successful implementation . results principal component analysis strategies components : characteristics team members , characteristics project leader , management user input , proper technology , communication . results significant difference perceptions japanese developers respect importance components . japanese developers project leader crucial component success project . team member characteristics important japanese developers . hand , developers communications critical component . project leader characteristics important developers . results terms cultural differences_1864
globalisation function . function peripheral aspects finance department centre critical organisational change . dependency activities systems internal efficiency organisation augmenting global performance . growth wide local networks communication possibilities years . e-commerce achievements function prominent globalisation modern organisations . complexity diversity electronic exchange hackney al . , . number impacts development implementation solutions organisations international trade . conjecture function important alignment business demands global competition , internal marketing strategies knowledge communities . clear evidence business performance sustained competitive advantage . true advent technologies internet_1865
sensor failures . studies reliability sensor failures asymptotic tracking problem linear time invariant systems factorization approach . plant two-output compensator two-degree-of-freedom . sufficient conditions general problem simple solution problems stable plants_1866
optimization-based design fixed-order controllers command . discrete-time scalar systems , approach feedback controllers fixed order upper peak magnitude tracking error command input . work linear programming class closed-loop systems rejection non-zero initial conditions disturbances . performance robustness form upper peak magnitude tracking error plant coprime factor uncertainty_1867
estimation n-l-n hammerstein-wiener model . estimation single-input single-output block-oriented model . model linear block static nonlinear gains . , n-l-n hammerstein-wiener model . , model structure disturbance model . paper parameter estimation . relaxation scheme model structure error bilinear-in-parameters . simple algorithm original loss function . convergence consistency algorithm . order variance error , linear model frequency model reduction . simulation study method_1868
stability gain properties lpv systems . stability gain properties linear parameter-varying systems assumed bounds maximum average parameter rate_1869
control thrust-vectored wing : receding horizon lpv approach . paper deals application horizon methods flight models experimental tethered wing caltech . dynamics system representative vertical landing aircraft , harrier , thrust-vectored aircraft f18-harv flight . methodology techniques lyapunov function -based ideas . methods cost horizon optimization , stability advantage optimization , allowing manner . models set-up modes . numerical simulations time horizons . specifically upper bound choice cost , length simulation results parameters NA_187
robust control nonlinear systems parametric uncertainty . probabilistic robustness analysis synthesis nonlinear systems uncertain parameters . monte carlo simulation likelihood system instability violation performance requirements subject variations probabilistic system parameters . stochastic robust control synthesis controller design parameter space cost function probabilities design criteria . robust control design approach simple nonlinear . feedback linearization control controller structure , design parameters genetic algorithm tradeoff stability performance robustness_1870
strong weak points muscadet theorem prover-examples casc-jc . muscadet knowledge-based theorem prover natural deduction . cade theorem system competitions . results complementarity regard resolution-based provers . paper crucial methods examples muscadet proofs competition casc-jc ijcar_1871
tptp , casc development theorem prover . first-order theorem prover scott series versions years . successive provers , underlying technology , algorithms wide differences behaviour . development process experiments problems tptp library participation casc year . difficulties inherent theorem prover complex scott , experimental methodology . scott systems optimised casc , influence casc tptp library contemporary theorem research_1872
phytography waldmeister . architecture waldmeister prover unit equational deduction strict separation active passive facts . inspection systems proof procedure , representation central data structures , indexing active facts , compression passive facts , successor sets hypotheses , minimal recording inference steps proof object . order large search spaces , redundancy criteria , empirically control knowledge system . paper quantitative comparison waldmeister versions years , view future prospects_1873
brainiac theorem prover . superposition-based theorem prover . sound complete prover clausal order logic equality . important properties prover strong redundancy elimination criteria , discount loop proof procedure , flexible interface search control heuristics , efficient inference engine . strengths weaknesses system_1874
design implementation vampire . vampire : high-performance theorem prover first-order logic . description developers systems specialists automated reasoning , design system key implementation features . performance prover casc-jc_1875
development casc theorem proving . researchers theoretical advances advance general , positive consequences system performance . system set problems large diverse representative intended application area . small step system evaluation communal system competition . cade atp system competition casc . competition difficult instance , years . order full benefits competition , event , unambiguous motivated design , . issues relevant casc design , inevitable constraints . issues choices , decisions . paper evolution casc , attention design , design , organization_1876
strong completeness lattice-valued logic . paper strong completeness system lattice logic . titani , lattice-valued set theory logical implication order relation lattice . syntax semantics strong completeness_1877
max min limiters . omega , , function max , ... , intersection partial recursive , recursive . paper , hypothesis ways min place max effect complexity . sharp contrast retraceable co-retraceable sets , sets union recursive set co-r . . , retraceable set . proofs noneffective . open questions_1878
distribution lachlan nonsplitting bases . enumerable . . degree lachlan nonsplitting base lnb , enumerable degree , . . degrees , , wvvv wv vv . paper relationship bounding nonbounding lachlan nonsplitting bases high low hierarchy . non-low . . degree lachlan nonsplitting base_1879
sampled-data implementation gain scheduled controller . continuous-time gain-scheduled controller discrete-time controller sampled-data implementation . linearization properties continuous-time gain scheduled controller sampled-data implementation . similar relationship multi-rate gain controllers flight control applications_188
simulation transient testing numerical relays . hybrid practical solution relay evaluation . main issues account : power system simulation relay simulation , stages . system simulation means emtp additional features , location determination fault parameters actual fault records correct system simulation . relay simulation algorithms , units , decision logic . real faults actual relay comparing real responses correct relay simulation_1880
stabilization positive systems integrals . positive systems integrals . systems applications . paper stabilization problems . design feedbacks level . , feedback equilibrium point stable respect initial conditions level set . examples results literature_1881
bandwidth . gains design infinity tracking controllers . current-fed induction motors systematic procedure speed rotor flux norm infinity . controllers unknown load torque disturbances current-fed induction motors . effective design tool selection control gains disturbances rejection capability controllers face bandwidth requirements closed-loop system . application design procedure case study , results numerical simulations satisfactory performance achievable presence rotor resistance uncertainty_1882
analysis kinetic two-link underactuated mechanical systems . analysis kinetic two-link underactuated mechanical systems . systems full-state feedback linearizable equilibrium point . , equilibrium points system small-time controllable stlc one-dimensional submanifold . concept restrictive stlc , small-time local output controllability stloc , satisfaction guarantees configuration output . class systems stloc , inertial coupling input output . , case , system nonminimum phase . section results_1883
observer-based strict positive real spr feedback control system design . presents theory stability analysis design class observer-based feedback control systems . relaxation controllability observability conditions yakubovich-kalman-popov lemma class nonlinear systems linear time-invariant system feedback-connected cone-bounded nonlinear element . circle-criterion approach observer-based state feedback control closed-loop system robustness characteristics . approach relevant design preservation stability cone-bounded nonlinearity feedback loop . important applications nonlinear control high robustness requirements_1884
analysis nonlinear time-delay systems modules non-commutative . rings theory non-commutative rings basis study nonlinear control systems time delays . left ore ring non-commutative polynomials field meromorphic function framework study . approach broader class nonlinear systems delays generalized roesser systems . , theory nonlinear time-delay systems . weak observability , well-known linear result . properties closed submodules result accessibility systems_1885
non-asymptotic confidence ellipsoids least-squares estimate . finite sample properties least-squares system identification , non-asymptotic confidence ellipsoids estimate . shape confidence ellipsoids similar shape ellipsoids asymptotic theory , asymptotic theory , valid finite number data points . probability estimate ellipsoid natural dependence volume ellipsoid , data mechanism , model order number data points_1886
invariant equilibria linear discrete-time games . notion invariant di equilibrium . concept invariance notions context two-person dynamic games . player state region state space actions rival player . paper existence conditions , criteria algorithms determination di equilibria linear dynamic games discrete time . examples results . area fault-tolerant controller synthesis . application macroeconomics_1887
model reduction variance reduction . variance properties model reduction . focus model reduction , general results . general results model reduction schemes . models study finite impulse response fir output error oe models . variance estimated models . data high order model , model reduction . fir case model data , model reduction high order fir model . oe models reduced model variance reduced model class true system_1888
mode dynamics continuous feedback control . discrete-event continuous feedback control approach real-time scheduling discrete events control theoretic techniques systems manufacturing applications . continuous feedback control systems nonlinear discontinuous dynamics . , production demand manufacturing system resource capacity control system chatters exhibits modes . mode behavior scheduling application system schedules infinitesimal region surface . paper , analytical model mode dynamics . model controllers mode domain effectiveness control system schedules good performance . computational results continuous feedback control approach near-optimal schedules efficient scheduling techniques_1889
identification linear parameter models . identification class discrete-time nonlinear systems linear parameter system . inputs , outputs scheduling parameters , form functional dependence system coefficients parameters . identification problem linear regression , compact formulae square recursive least-squares algorithms . conditions persistency excitation terms inputs scheduling parameter trajectories functional dependence polynomial type . conditions natural polynomial interpolation interpretation , scheduling parameter trajectories . method simulation parameter trajectories_189
robustness trajectories finite time extent . problem perturbation bounds finite trajectories . trajectory linear system uncertainty terms integral quadratic constraints . perturbation solution nonconvex quadratic optimization problem , lagrange relaxation . result robustness analysis hybrid systems dynamical systems_1890
trajectory force tracking control constrained mobile manipulators . parameter uncertainty studies trajectory force tracking control problem mobile manipulators subject holonomic nonholonomic constraints unknown inertia parameters . adaptive controllers suitable reduced dynamic model , reference signals mixed tracking errors . controllers entire state system trajectory constraint force force . detailed numerical methods_1891
closed-loop persistent identification linear systems unmodeled dynamics . stochastic disturbances essential issues time complexity probing signal selection persistent identification linear time-invariant systems closed-loop setting . upper lower bounds identification accuracy functions length observation , size unmodeled dynamics , stochastic disturbances , inherent impact unmodeled dynamics identification accuracy , reduction time complexity stochastic averaging disturbances , probing capability full rank periodic signals closed-loop persistent identification . findings mixed formulation , deterministic uncertainty system dynamics random disturbances , beneficial reduction identification complexity_1892
closed-loop model validation stochastic framework . deals probabilistic model validation . dynamics multi-input multi-output mimo plant model set unstructured uncertainties , identification experiments closed loop . sufficient condition consistency model controller closed-loop frequency domain experimental data . condition , euclidean norm complex vector , complex vector disturbances measurement errors . condition , analytic formula sample unfalsified probability model . asymptotic statistical properties . numerical efficiency method model quality evaluation_1893
controller design convex polyhedral lyapunov functions . systematic switching control design method class nonlinear discrete time hybrid systems . novelty approach fact conventional control control burden logical level development analysis design methods_1894
algorithm neural networks fundamental parameters . algorithm neural networks fundamental parameters equations nnfp corrections non-linear matrix effects x-ray fluorescence analysis . algorithm , neural networks concentrations components intensities relative theoretical intensities fundamental parameter equations . nnfp algorithm classical theoretical correction models , fundamental parameters approach , lachance-traill model , hyperbolic function model cola algorithm . alloy system measured elements , cases , prediction errors nnfp algorithm lower fundamental parameters approach , lachance-traill model , hyperbolic function model cola algorithm . matrix effects , matrix effects cr , fe ni , nnfp algorithm predictive errors classical models , case cr fundamental parameters approach . main reason nnfp algorithm predictive ability classical theoretical correction models neural networks non-linear matrix effects complex multivariate system_1895
dynamics railway freight wagon wheelset dry friction damping . dynamics simple model wheelset end railway freight wagon springs linear characteristics dry friction dampers . wagon ideal , straight level track constant speed . lateral dynamics dependence speed . stick-slip hysteresis model dry friction coulombs law slip phase . action dry friction bifurcation diagram , longitudinal component dry friction forces wagon_1896
user-appropriate tyre-modelling vehicle dynamics standard limit . situations modelling vehicles vehicle dynamic simulation , special attention modelling tyre forces torques , dominant influence results . task exact representation effective forces user-friendly practical relevant applicability , experimental tyre-input-data incomplete missing . text basics vehicle dynamic tyre model , , semi-empirical model application connection multi-body-systems mbs . basis tyres passenger car heavy truck simulated steady state tyre characteristics underlying experimental values . possibility tyre model tmeasy mbs-program , standard tyre interface . , experimental data heavy truck standardized driving manoeuvre_1897
design stroke dependent damper front axle suspension truck . multibody system dynamics numerical optimization stroke dependent damper front axle suspension truck . supplies extra damping deflections cm . damper extreme suspension deflections comfort truck . question stroke dependent damping curve compromise suspension deflection space comfort . optimization problem maximum suspension deflection subject constraints chassis acceleration typical road undulations . optimization problem sequential linear programming slp multibody dynamics software . optimization runs small degree freedom vehicle model large full-scale model truck semi-trailer combination . results stroke dependent damping large deflections incidental road disturbances , optimum stroke dependent damping curve acceleration . means vehicle model simulation numerical optimization trade-off suspension deflection space truck comfort_1898
human face detection visual scenes neural networks . paper neural network face detection system . objective system human faces visual scenes high searching speed accuracy . neural network simple structure face non-face samples methods position , histogram equalization , . high accuracy , size neural network total search area target visual scene skin color detector . skin color detection faces reside skin color regions . system design parts : face system faces , speed system . speed improvement face locator network size structural learning knowledge face search area skin color detection system . faster training neural networks variable step sizes_1899
adaptive output feedback stabilization class . interconnected systems unknown uncertainties problem adaptive decentralized stabilization class linear time-invarying large-scale systems nonlinear interconnectivity uncertainties . bounds uncertainties unknown . uncertain dynamic systems , adaptive decentralized controller . closed-loop systems stable theory . , adaptive decentralized control scheme . scheme closed-loop systems stable practical engineering . , simulations control scheme effective_19
design gain-scheduled trajectory tracking controllers auv . application methodology design trajectory tracking controllers autonomous vehicles . design technique gain scheduling control theory . application design trajectory controller prototype autonomous underwater vehicle auv . effectiveness advantages control laws simulation full set non-linear equations motion vehicle_190
robust disturbance attenuation nonlinear systems input . dynamical uncertainty deals problem robust disturbance attenuation nonlinear systems input dynamical uncertainty . input dynamical uncertainty minimum-phase relative degree . sufficient condition . nonlinear system gain performance input-to-state stable property . condition , design approach smooth state feedback control law robust disturbance attenuation problem , approach general case nominal system higher relative degree . , numerical approach_1900
fc : functional tools object-oriented tasks . fc library . functional programming libraries , powerful type system manipulation polymorphic functions , arguments functions results . paper , common object-oriented programming tasks . fc implementations common design patterns adapter , builder , command , . conventional implementations patterns , implementations simpler fewer classes dependencies , efficient , type-safe parametric polymorphism type inference_1901
engineering plug-in software components collaborative work . software applications co-operative work support , collaborative editing , group awareness , versioning , notification co-ordination agents . approaches hard-code facilities applications , functionality ability groupware implementations . recent work capabilities component-based applications set collaborative work-supporting plug-in software components . variety applications technique , descriptions architecture , user interface adaptation implementation techniques collaborative work-supporting components . experiences date method collaborative work enhancement component-based systems , advantages approach conventional techniques_1902
bliss programming language : history . bliss programming language . wulf carnegie-mellon university , dec pdp- . bliss- caught ronald . brender dec equipment corporation . collaboration including bliss- pdp- adopted decs line computers . dec completely , pdp- , dec . creation alpha , bliss . intel ia- architecture 1995 ia- support characteristics : , operator dot takes structure definition goto expression language compile-time language . evolution decade . language evolved facilitate character . success characteristics NA NA NA_1903
component support plt scheme . plt scheme drscheme mzscheme component object model standard pieces software . piece mzcom , class scheme evaluator clients . mzcom , programmers scheme code programs mainstream languages visual basic . applications mzcom clients . piece component-support software mysterx , classes scheme programs . , mysterx programmable web browser objects . technical issues systems applications_1904
tool process improvements mfc control system technology . approach mfc calibration physical parameters nitrogen physical characteristics process gases . conventional surrogate gases . results physics-based tuning algorithm enhanced digital control system gas change digital mfcs . end result process control accurate gas flow . method number mfc spare parts fab_1905
process control sensor etch . migration tighter geometries complex process sequence integration schemes ability deviations target specifications . process sequences work-in-progress control . point-of-use visibility work-in-progress quality paramount concern industrys scrap yield , trench depth greater importance . integrated , interferometric , rate monitor etch-to-depth spacer etch applications parameter . article rate monitor , polarization digital signal processing , enhances etch-to-depth processes predictive endpoint wafer manufacturing environment dual damascene trench etch spacer etch applications_1906
multiple comparison methods means . multiple comparison methods mcms differences pairs population means , , subsets population sample data . methods statistical software packages , users method correct results . paper mcms important methods class . real data methods , emphasis correct application interpretation . suggestions method . mathematica programs authors mcms . advantage mathematicas notebook structure , interested student programs subject_1907
explicit solutions transcendental equations . simple method explicit expression roots analytic transcendental function . method cauchys integral theorem basic concepts complex integration . convenient method exact expression . application formulation evaluation exact expression classical root finding problems_1908
breast mr high spectral spatial resolutions : preliminary . authors magnetic resonance mr high spectral spatial resolutions water fat breasts healthy volunteers women suspicious lesions . fat suppression , edge delineation , image texture mr images hssr data conventional mr images . hssr mr data contrast medium injection inhomogeneous water resonances small voxels detectable conventional mr_1909
linear , parameter-varying control application turbofan engine . paper application parameter-dependent control design methods turbofan engine . parameter-dependent systems linear systems , state-space descriptions functions time-varying parameters . time variation parameters advance , measurable real-time . linear , parameter-varying lpv approaches control design . method linear fractional transformations small gain theorem bounds performance robustness . methods single sqlf parameter-dependent pdqlf lyapunov achievable level performance . techniques controllers high-performance turbofan engine . lpv model turbofan engine jacobian linearizations fixed power codes control design . control problem model problem infinity lpv framework . objective decoupled command response closed-loop system pressure rotor speed requests . performance linear , infinity point designs sqlf pdqlf controllers . nonlinear simulations controller sqlf approach conservative pdqlf controller . nonlinear simulations sqlf pdqlf controllers robust designs performance objectives_191
breast cancer : effectiveness computer-aided diagnosis-observer study . independent database mammograms effectiveness computerized classification method aid radiologists clinical mammograms diagnoses unknown radiologists computer . mammographers community radiologists observer study . radiologists , computer aid , cases unknown radiologist observers computer classification scheme . radiologists performances benign malignant masses computer aid receiver characteristic roc analysis . two-tailed values student test statistical significance differences performances computer aid . computer aid , average performance radiologists , increase area roc curve . , increase partial area roc curve 0a . , increase sensitivity . . significant difference specificity readings computer aid delta - ; . ; cl : , , delta difference specificity . results mammographers community radiologists separate groups , larger improvement community radiologists . computer-aided diagnosis radiologists diagnostic accuracy task benign malignant masses mammograms_1910
pulmonary perfusion patterns pulmonary arterial pressure . artificial intelligence methods quantitative parameters perfusion image reasonable estimate pulmonary arterial pressure angiography . radionuclide perfusion images patients normal chest radiographs angiographic pa pressure measurement days radionuclide study . artificial neural network ann image parameters statistical boundary characteristics perfusion images . leave-one-out cross-validation technique , method pa systolic pressure cases ann . pearson correlation coefficient systolic pressures . ann predictions measured pulmonary systolic pressures , . . accuracy predictions presence pulmonary embolism . patients pa pressures hg pulmonary hypertension angiography . patients pa pressures greater hg pulmonary hypertension angiography . meaningful information pa pressure noninvasive radionuclide perfusion scanning . image analysis concert artificial intelligence methods physiologic information apparent visual image inspection_1911
preterm respiratory mechanics active performances . neonatal pulmonary ventilators patient active simulator capable values parameters pulmonary mechanics healthy newborns preterm pathological infants . prototype : operator respiratory pattern , times apnea , episodes cough , sobs , . , parameters pulmonary system ; , , attempt breathing preterm infant . account limitation due application field preliminary autocalibration phase proposed device , accuracy reliability order . satisfactory light field application small values parameters . , metrological characteristics neonatal simulator reference device performances neonatal ventilators , , time occurrence dangerous condition patient activation alarm ventilator_1912
six-degree-of-freedom precision motion stage . article design performance evaluation six-degree-of-freedom piezoelectrically fine motion stage dimensional error compensation long-range translation mechanism . development single element , piezoelectric linear displacement actuator capable translations mu potential electrodes axial load lateral distortion . finite element methods resonant frequencies stage platform complete assembly platform payload . general , error finite element results experimentally values . complete fine motion stage translation mu rad rotation planes motion excitation range . impulse response fundamental mode resonance hz kg payload top stage_1913
vacuum-compatible vibration isolation stack interferometric . gravitational wave detector interferometric gravitational wave detectors large degree vibration isolation . purpose , multilayer stack rubber metal blocks suitable , isolation degrees freedom . , interferometer japan , long-term dimensional stability compatibility ultrahigh vacuum environment pa . interferometer operating point ground strain thermal drift isolation system , thermal actuator . high outgassing rate rubber vacuum , rubber blocks gas-tight bellows . techniques , three-layer stack vibration isolation ratio hz control drift vacuum compatibility_1914
multichannel scaler general statistical analysis dynamic light . channel scaler applications standard high transfer rate computer interface bus parallel data card . counter section standard complex programmable logic device circuits . mhz pentium host counting data channel widths short ns single channel . multichannel scaler dynamic light experiments . traces wavelet statistical techniques transient properties scattered light_1915
entropy tsallis difference information . spontaneous decay self-organization nonextensive systems theoretical-information description self-organization processes transitions stationary states open nonextensive systems . entropy tsallis difference information measures process evolution space control parameters . entropy tsallis difference information extreme properties_1916
design modeling interval-based flow control protocol . flow control protocol availability bit rate service asynchronous transfer mode atm networks . scheme periodic explicit rate feedback precise allocation link bandwidth buffer space hop-by-hop basis maximum throughput , minimum cell loss , high resource efficiency . inclusion resource management cell synchronization consolidation algorithms , protocol capable point-to-multipoint services unified framework . authors modeling single abr connection , interaction multiple abr connections , constraints applicable control decisions . loss-free flow control mechanism high-speed abr connections fluid traffic model . algorithms atm signaling procedures , company linear system modeling , numerical analysis , simulation results , performance cost benefits high-speed backbone networking scenarios_1917
semantics agent communication languages . article formal framework outlines method autonomous agents semantics communication language run-time . ability open multi-agent systems agents implications utterances meaning primitives prevailing circumstances . end , semantic space framework systematic means primitives multiple relevant dimensions . classification agents negotiation semantic process agreeable semantics coherent social interactions_1918
formalism conversation protocols joint intention theory . conversation protocols goals states world . , landmarks states goal-directed execution protocol . , landmarks , propositions true state landmark , important aspect protocol . families conversation protocols landmarks landmarks goal . concrete protocols joint action expressions , , landmarks joint intention interpreters . approach joint intention theory protocols flexibility actions landmarks , protocol execution , automatic exception handling , correctness criterion protocols protocol compositions_1919
jersey african american women writers publications : study . identification oral sources study sources , personal interviews informal conversations individuals jerseys religious , political , educational community african american women writers jersey intellectual output . focus community oral repository history oral sources collection development acquisition purposes empirical qualitative evidence . findings sources limited information professionals oral sources local writers publications_192
: modeling agent conversations action . conversations sequences messages interacting agents . conversations meaningful , agents specifications types messages point conversation . specifications conversation policies rules inference conversation protocols conversation templates . article semantic model conversations conversation policies . model principles negotiation uptake social commitments adoption obligations action , actions agents . , obligations negotiation social commitments . principles , conversations interaction specifications model ideal sequencing agent participations execution actions joint activity . specifications adoption discharge commitments obligations activity , commitments obligations preconditions outlive joint activity postconditions . model contract net protocol specification conversations joint activity_1920
acl dynamic system agents . article design acl dynamic system agents . acl set conversation performatives operations , , agents . main design goal agent-level knowledge-level primitives dynamic nature system . goal anonymous interaction protocol agents knowledge symbol-level issues management agent names , routing , agent reachability . anonymous interaction protocol facilitator schema agent-level mechanisms capabilities agents requests competence agents . formal specification acl architecture , algebra actors , graphical notation . approach basis dynamic primitives acl properties dynamic multi agent systems , behavior agents correctness conversation policies_1921
trends agent communication language . agent technology exciting important complex software systems . agents traditional properties programs knowledge-level reasoning , flexibility , proactiveness , goal-directedness , insights software engineering , machine learning , negotiation teamwork theory , social sciences . important part agent approach principle agents humans groups cooperation division labor . agent programs order internal goals external demands virtue participation agent societies . type collaboration sophisticated system inter-agent communication . assumption inter-agent communication explicit agent communication language articles special issue . introductory article , background introduction main topics agent communication_1922
predictive control high temperature-short time pasteurisation process . modifications dynamic matrix control dmc algorithm transfer functions parameters order high temperature-short time pasteurisation process . processes order pure time delay models parameters exogenous variable dependence , method free response calculation , multiple model information , . methods , nonlinear models generalised hammerstein model description , . methods , simulation real cases , comparison pid dmc classic controllers , important improvements reference tracking disturbance rejection_1923
existence theorems nonconvex problems variational calculus . solution variational calculus problem conditions integrant convexity . existence theorem . , function , conditions theorem convex_1924
accuracy polynomial interpolation hilbert space disturbed . nodal values operator interpolation accuracy polynomial operators hilbert space measure nodal values operators_1925
simulation ecological economical structural-type functions . optimization approach simulation ecological economical structural-type functions . methodology construction functions explicit analytical form_1926
optimal strategies semi-markovian inventory system . control semi-markovian inventory system . general assumptions system functioning , conditions existence optimal nonrandomized markovian strategy . additional assumptions storing conditions inventory , optimal strategy threshold , -frame_1927
solution euclidean combinatorial optimization problem . dynamic-programming method class euclidean combinatorial optimization problems dynamic programming method . problem allocation enterprises_1928
optimal time portfolios securities . optimal time portfolios securities purpose profit maximization . methods determination . cases portfolios detail_1929
